Speaker 1: Okay. Speaker 1: Okay. Speaker 1: Then, yes. Speaker 1: So, then second one, maybe he is coming for, he will come for the prints and et cetera first sign. Speaker 1: Second one, cable sacing, LV cable sacing document, I mean Speaker 1: All the upgradation of HVK will cease in document. Speaker 1: Maybe after this meeting we will be submitting it as discussed. Speaker 1: It is finalized and we have made the complete report. Speaker 1: We will be sharing it. Speaker 1: That is the second update. Speaker 1: cable sizing part as you told on the day. Speaker 1: Then third update, we have submitted HAC documents for B16, but that's one we have submitted. Speaker 1: Okay.
peaker 1: Then third update, we have submitted HAC documents for B16, but that's one we have submitted. Speaker 1: Okay. Speaker 1: Fourth one, for the processization room, I think we have requested a few other inputs, civil architect, architectural details. Speaker 1: that is from our side we have requested to the HAC team they are expecting that I am trying to arrange a meeting with you directly like on the day how we met so that they can understand better so that also I am working on that is a fourth update then for the Speaker 1: switch care part, I am chasing for the engineering documents. Speaker 1: So, I tried calling Vijayananda many times, but I couldn't connect Sanjay that Sanjay electricals. Speaker 1: Finally, they have responded today that they are going to submit it.
connect Sanjay that Sanjay electricals. Speaker 1: Finally, they have responded today that they are going to submit it. Speaker 1: So, that is one part. Speaker 1: NGR also I am chasing them the update is they have raised performer invoice but Speaker 1: After that, I couldn't hear anything from them. Speaker 1: I tried calling many times, but I couldn't get, but anyway, I will send one more email from our site. Speaker 1: And maybe with the Bosco associates, maybe they are in touch, but that date is not coming to me. Speaker 1: Maybe you might have received it because initial email conversations was not copied to us. Speaker 1: Maybe there could be some update from your site as well. Speaker 1: So that is the update from my side.
o us. Speaker 1: Maybe there could be some update from your site as well. Speaker 1: So that is the update from my side. Speaker 1: For transformer, a fat we are going as per the schedule. Speaker 1: That is one update from Snyder Spokna. Speaker 1: She has confirmed the email as well. Speaker 1: That is one thing. Speaker 1: Thank you. Speaker 1: Thank you so much. Speaker 1: Can you repeat once again for the last two minutes? Speaker 1: Which one? Speaker 1: Mangavadi, regarding that age here? Speaker 1: I have to do a try. Speaker 1: update was not available. Speaker 1: Which means Mr. Ranjit told me that in the initial conversation, there was some Bosque associates and maybe SNF also dismarried. Speaker 1: Sir, you were not copied.
itial conversation, there was some Bosque associates and maybe SNF also dismarried. Speaker 1: Sir, you were not copied. Speaker 1: So, and that he has told this is the update, but I understand no problem. Speaker 1: you please go ahead going forward you keep us in season so that we will also come to know but please proceed and give us the complete plan when you are going to deliver that is what I have informed to him that's that's that's what the conversation happened but I tried calling him but he is not picking up so this is the status among with the Speaker 1: Maybe the computer was not available initially. Speaker 1: Yes, yes, yes, that's okay. Speaker 1: But we need to follow up with them. Speaker 1: Yeah, definitely. Speaker 1: I am in touch with them.
's okay. Speaker 1: But we need to follow up with them. Speaker 1: Yeah, definitely. Speaker 1: I am in touch with them. Speaker 1: We are the people who are choosing the product. Speaker 1: So, and the product was well known like that it was in from. Speaker 1: So, we need to follow. Speaker 1: Even Speaker 1: Basque rice is also available in the conversation. Speaker 1: It doesn't mean that Basque rice is only the final other. Speaker 1: The delivery of the time has to be scheduled by a national switch here and it has to be kept copied to you, meaning and the bus. Speaker 1: Definitely. Speaker 1: Definitely. Speaker 1: I will also insist the same one to them as well. Speaker 1: The best thing was whenever Speaker 1: So we can also contact with.
also insist the same one to them as well. Speaker 1: The best thing was whenever Speaker 1: So we can also contact with. Speaker 1: Yes, I will also ask them clearly that whom to contact communication matrix. Speaker 1: We will ask them clearly so that it is easy for them to quickly connect with them. Speaker 1: Yeah, definitely I will do that. Speaker 1: I will also ask them to put it in an email address as well. Speaker 1: Thank you. Speaker 1: Yes, that is one update. Speaker 1: And based on our last site visit from our site, we have updated the B16 lighting layout that also will be seeing from our site. Speaker 1: So, yes, today those things will happen. Speaker 1: What we can expect was the lighting layout.
rom our site. Speaker 1: So, yes, today those things will happen. Speaker 1: What we can expect was the lighting layout. Speaker 1: Lighting layer of single integrable, sorry, single integrable already given. Speaker 1: So there was some spacing and the layout adjustment it was done and cable-sacing calculations that we will be sharing it based on the latest one up to LV cable-sacing it is there that you will be getting it. Speaker 1: What will you understand it? Speaker 1: It's still after that. Speaker 1: These two. Speaker 1: And the rest of the one more item is stepped out LPS lightning protection system that it is still ribbing stage only. Speaker 1: Maybe I will try to connect with Vijay also finally he said he will also request his engineering team
e only. Speaker 1: Maybe I will try to connect with Vijay also finally he said he will also request his engineering team Speaker 1: So that we both will meet. Speaker 1: At the time, we will also invite you guys so that that also be sorted out, but he said he will check with their engineering team, design team, he will also connect. Speaker 1: Just from that, we will coordinate and we will close that part. Speaker 1: So lightning production stuff, that's our data. Speaker 1: That's my communication there. Speaker 1: So yes, called and today he has called and asked any update or like that. Speaker 1: So check with them. Speaker 1: I told very clearly you have to confirm with the Speaker 1: our consultant to freeze and the system. Speaker 1: So, I will follow to complete.
u have to confirm with the Speaker 1: our consultant to freeze and the system. Speaker 1: So, I will follow to complete. Speaker 1: Definitely, definitely. Speaker 1: Yeah, I am trying to close it. Speaker 1: Maybe tomorrow I will schedule based on their availability. Speaker 1: That also will try to close it. Speaker 1: Our priority is HD panel. Speaker 1: We went with the Speaker 1: technical services and we are continuously calling them also, but we are not getting any proper information. Speaker 1: But finally, without those things, we cannot work the plan. Speaker 1: Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
information. Speaker 1: But finally, without those things, we cannot work the plan. Speaker 1: Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. Speaker 1: So, we will talk to them from our side, we will post them and we will follow it up, we will get it, definitely very soon they will submit the documents, that is what my expectation will closely, very closely we will follow it up, we will try to close this. Speaker 1: Now, little bit it is on our control, we will try to close it. Speaker 1: Yes, definitely we will give output on that.
: Now, little bit it is on our control, we will try to close it. Speaker 1: Yes, definitely we will give output on that. Speaker 1: Yeah, this is the update from our site and maybe this is accelerating for CIG so that hopefully things will be clear because if they give any comments or something, we have to be ready to quickly update and complete government requirements for that also we are getting ready for that as well. Speaker 1: So this is the status, Kriegery and Bangalpathy as and it. Speaker 1: Yes, maybe. Speaker 1: So it's a comment. Speaker 1: It was the very thing with Nicola also to explain him all the details. Speaker 1: Okay. Speaker 1: So. Speaker 1: Going forward maybe since many are there but to avoid that schedule mismatch and etc.
1: Okay. Speaker 1: So. Speaker 1: Going forward maybe since many are there but to avoid that schedule mismatch and etc. Speaker 1: We'll keep on checklist kind of in the meeting itself crickory and with that we will discuss it under the commitments and everything we'll try to adopt it. Speaker 1: Yeah, so that also a key router we will update it properly because many are there. Speaker 1: So I don't want to make it these things. Speaker 1: I mean, let's strictly follow it. Speaker 1: That's what you're expecting in the last week itself. Speaker 1: So we'll keep MIM and in that all the MIM we'll discuss with that and any points and open points will close it. Speaker 1: Any challenges other we'll let you know and we'll try to complete the tasks whatever assigned from your site.
Speaker 1: Any challenges other we'll let you know and we'll try to complete the tasks whatever assigned from your site. Speaker 1: Okay. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Thank you. Speaker 1: I think it could be good. Speaker 1: have any comments on that? Speaker 1: B16 and anything you wanted to add in that, B16 now, you wanted to open that? Speaker 1: Yes, I think it has been updated recently now. Speaker 1: We are Speaker 1: So maybe we have a new last check on the data points and check if we have any other comments or if all the comments given has been taken into account. Speaker 1: And the concerning the openings outside, then I also wanted to ask if it has been checked on sites according to what is already installed. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Crickety that is one second.
as been checked on sites according to what is already installed. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Crickety that is one second. Speaker 1: Whatever we propose note, that is the one seems to be okay. Speaker 1: And we are still sticking to that. Speaker 1: Okay. Speaker 1: And again, yes, but if you can open it also for my collection, to know the subject as well, maybe there will be no subject if we have no more comments, but if we still have it will be good to make this for a Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Once again, I'm opening it. Speaker 1: This code on please. Speaker 1: I'm opening it. Speaker 1: Yeah. Speaker 1: One is a could it please open this? Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yeah, please have the screen. Speaker 1: Yes, I agree.
1: One is a could it please open this? Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yeah, please have the screen. Speaker 1: Yes, I agree. Speaker 1: Can you zoom a little bit more so we will see? Speaker 1: Yes, one is trying to show that how we have done and go ahead please. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: We have adjusted this one. Speaker 1: Okay. Speaker 1: Zoom it. Speaker 1: Monisha, just zoom it. Speaker 1: So please follow. Speaker 1: Krigiri says and we'll try to explain it. Speaker 1: Okay, here we can see the openings from the wall opening going to substation. Speaker 1: We can see the just here with the and last some distance with the FBSB to the wall. Speaker 1: 250 and what is remaining from between the panel and the beam, the CV beam.
stance with the FBSB to the wall. Speaker 1: 250 and what is remaining from between the panel and the beam, the CV beam. Speaker 1: For example, we can see from the cable tray to the beam, we have 250 from the one end to the wall, we are 1 meter and we have some vertical area. Speaker 1: You see just where you were? Speaker 1: Yeah, one is a better open order gate so that we can measure and show him. Speaker 1: My worry is more about between the vertical cable train and the LBSB panel. Speaker 1: Yes, yes. Speaker 1: Is it possible for a human to walk in between or is it too short? Speaker 1: Yeah, I got it. Speaker 1: Minimum's schedule is required. Speaker 1: Let's see that now. Speaker 1: One is said that wherever that vertical riser that we have shown no, you go to that place.
et's see that now. Speaker 1: One is said that wherever that vertical riser that we have shown no, you go to that place. Speaker 1: Vertical riser that you show that no, you go to that place. Speaker 1: And that do vertical trace that you have shown no, Monisa. Speaker 1: Yes, this one. Speaker 1: Yeah. Speaker 1: Any minimise? Speaker 1: Where is the panel? Speaker 1: LVSV panel where it is, yeah, you come little bit down once again, yeah, that know that edge itself you see it, that actually what is his expectation is, there are two vertical rays know on the top of it and there will be a edge, there is a future space now, seeing that there is a panel, whether we can walk in that area or not, that is what is costing.
e is a future space now, seeing that there is a panel, whether we can walk in that area or not, that is what is costing. Speaker 1: just to check the dimension and ensure that from the warp 50, 50. Speaker 1: The question will be between the panel and the vertical cable thing. Speaker 1: And I'm so between the panel and the beam. Speaker 1: Yes, yes, yes, agree. Speaker 1: One is that, yeah, from the panel H2, the cable tray top. Speaker 1: I mean, vertical capabilities, you know, that top. Speaker 1: Okay. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: We have only your books. Speaker 1: Not that one. Speaker 1: That will be closed. Speaker 1: Okay. Speaker 1: That you see the edge of the capability. Speaker 1: That's a cut-out, floor cut-out, they will see it.
Okay. Speaker 1: That you see the edge of the capability. Speaker 1: That's a cut-out, floor cut-out, they will see it. Speaker 1: Yes, they see it. Speaker 1: Not this one, that cable tray top, no, that one you select, that one you select, that one you select it. Speaker 1: Yeah. Speaker 1: The cable tray bottom is there, no, that top, Munisha. Speaker 1: Okay, here, cool. Speaker 1: Actually, the vertical one, the more restricted, the closer vertical cable 3 from the panel. Speaker 1: Yes, and the panel. Speaker 1: We have 600 minutes. Speaker 1: Almost 600 minutes. Speaker 1: Why? Speaker 1: I think that's the second point. Speaker 1: Yes, that's the second point. Speaker 1: That's the second point. Speaker 1: That's the second point. Speaker 1: That's the second point.
econd point. Speaker 1: That's the second point. Speaker 1: That's the second point. Speaker 1: That's the second point. Speaker 1: That's the second point. Speaker 1: That's the second point. Speaker 1: That's the second point. Speaker 1: That's the second point. Speaker 1: That's the second point. Speaker 1: That's the second point. Speaker 1: That's the second point. Speaker 1: That's the second point. Speaker 1: That's the second point. Speaker 1: That's the second point. Speaker 1: That's the second point. Speaker 1: That's the second point. Speaker 1: That's the second point. Speaker 1: That's the second point. Speaker 1: That's the second point. Speaker 1: That's the second point. Speaker 1: That's the second point. Speaker 1: That's the second point.
econd point. Speaker 1: That's the second point. Speaker 1: That's the second point. Speaker 1: That's the second point. Speaker 1: That's the second point. Speaker 1: That's the second point. Speaker 1: That's the second point. Speaker 1: That's the second point. Speaker 1: That's the second point. Speaker 1: That's the second point. Speaker 1: That's the second point. Speaker 1: That's the second point. Speaker 1: That's the second point. Speaker 1: That's the second point. Speaker 1: That's the second point. Speaker 1: That's the second point. Speaker 1: That's the second point. Speaker 1: That's Speaker 1: You know, properly you make it, yes, this is the one. Speaker 1: This is the one. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yes.
ke it, yes, this is the one. Speaker 1: This is the one. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Okay, what is the dimension we have on the other side between the front of the panel and the other panel completely at the right? Speaker 1: Yeah, mini-mace monitor. Speaker 1: I mean, in front of the MCC2, LVSP. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yeah. Speaker 1: A lot of space is there a degree. Speaker 1: We can keep even one draw in between. Speaker 1: because in terms of space for MCC extension, if we add zoom, what we have, because here we add the space for meeting another pattern on the middle. Speaker 1: But then it will be restricting the VSV operation. Speaker 1: Once again, Gregory, could you please repeat?
. Speaker 1: But then it will be restricting the VSV operation. Speaker 1: Once again, Gregory, could you please repeat? Speaker 1: I mean, between the LBSP and the MCC, there is almost the space to install some other panel. Speaker 1: If we do that, it will restrict a lot during space. Speaker 1: But on the back of the LBSP, I think we are too tight. Speaker 1: We are too near the beams and we are too near the cabin tree. Speaker 1: Can you zoom to see the general occupation of the room? Speaker 1: Yeah, when you say just zoom out so that the entire one let them see it. Speaker 1: Because now we have a place in the middle, but there are two MCC's that are signed. Speaker 1: So there, clearly, we have a place, we have one, we have no money left.
there are two MCC's that are signed. Speaker 1: So there, clearly, we have a place, we have one, we have no money left. Speaker 1: You don't have to, you have to, you have to, you have to, you have to, you have to, you have to, you have to, you have to, you have to, you have to, you have to, you have to, Speaker 1: The panel number 20 is 21. Speaker 1: They are actually correct. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yes.
1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: We already shared you some drawings of G.A. Speaker 1: for the panel. Speaker 1: So I still think to incorporate in this, and so you will understand what we are trying to explain. Speaker 1: The recent reply which I have given already for the B-14, by having the same considerations or the restriction of what we are having in B-14, Speaker 1: If you read those points, you will understand what we are asking you in basic form. Speaker 1: The panel is to LVSP, backseat of the panel, that one you are telling right? Speaker 1: What we are going to ask you once again, I am just taking the screen, screen of yours, please vote for a while, I just want to show you what
ask you once again, I am just taking the screen, screen of yours, please vote for a while, I just want to show you what Speaker 1: for your distress in that. Speaker 1: So, I will just please be humble. Speaker 1: We have shared you this drawing. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: You have a bottom view of this one. Speaker 1: So please collect this one and keep it in the drawing what you are showing. Speaker 1: And from there you will understand what is in this you will have. Speaker 1: So, you are thinking that facing the panel towards the north side is good enough. Speaker 1: But what we are expecting is to keep the panel towards the panel facing, kind facing towards the south side. Speaker 1: So, the beam under the wall should have been obstructing initially.
cing, kind facing towards the south side. Speaker 1: So, the beam under the wall should have been obstructing initially. Speaker 1: We have clearance as an argument clearance. Speaker 1: And behind the panel, you will have a less variance because behind the panel, we will have maintenance activity. Speaker 1: So when we keep the new MCC room, we will be a new MCC panel. Speaker 1: Instead the middle of the area, it will be easy for us to have a less space between the two panels. Speaker 1: So the maintenance there can re-uplish the same space and the front of the panel will have a more space. Speaker 1: This is what they are trying to explain to you. Speaker 1: If I am correct, I'm not drawing you 10 years ago.
Speaker 1: This is what they are trying to explain to you. Speaker 1: If I am correct, I'm not drawing you 10 years ago. Speaker 1: And that was exactly the point, but also previously we asked to see those dimensions. Speaker 1: So we need to have the dimension written, especially on those restriction areas. Speaker 1: If you need to market and to make it visible, for good. Speaker 1: Other points, we need to start with 900 minimum as a clearance between on the restricted area. Speaker 1: Because those cable trade would be after some time, they would be full of cable. Speaker 1: And then we will not even have the 9th and root initially a trope. Speaker 1: If we go below that, it's very risky. Speaker 1: Yeah, Monisha, just come down. Speaker 1: Come back.
trope. Speaker 1: If we go below that, it's very risky. Speaker 1: Yeah, Monisha, just come down. Speaker 1: Come back. Speaker 1: Monisha's scroll down, yes. Speaker 1: Yes, you're talking about that this one, Krigerit. Speaker 1: The dimension we saw earlier between the cable tray and the SV panel. Speaker 1: The first point of my apathy is make sure that this is the exact dimension of the panel which has been transferred to you. Speaker 1: Because on the B14, I'm going to put it checked, and it's not the correct size of a panel. Speaker 1: It is a copy and passed from the B16 dimension. Speaker 1: So we need the real one. Speaker 1: And we need you to check after the draft is done, if it's the correct panel, which has been drawn in the correct place.
And we need you to check after the draft is done, if it's the correct panel, which has been drawn in the correct place. Speaker 1: And then on the restricted dimension area like the 800 root, Speaker 1: between the LBSP panel and the VIL, 800 is not enough from the initial design. Speaker 1: We need bigger, we need at least 1,900. Speaker 1: And between the age of the cable tree and the age of the panel, we need also another 900. Speaker 1: So we need to readjust all that with those dimensions. Speaker 1: Otherwise, when it will be full of cable, it will be impossible to manage.
st all that with those dimensions. Speaker 1: Otherwise, when it will be full of cable, it will be impossible to manage. Speaker 1: okay that means as a worst case unit clearance from the vertical cable trace you know from that top of that cable tray to the panel edge you need a minimum 900 so that will be the stringent area correct no Speaker 1: Yes, except if you design the cable 3 differently and make them, because it's in 3D, in fact. Speaker 1: The point you cannot move is the location of the opening. Speaker 1: After the opening, the cable 3 can turn. Speaker 1: You can make 45 degrees bending on the top one and make it going aside. Speaker 1: That is possible, Gregory. Speaker 1: That is possible.
grees bending on the top one and make it going aside. Speaker 1: That is possible, Gregory. Speaker 1: That is possible. Speaker 1: But when we check the front of the panel, why do we need to have the 300, 3,680 mm? Speaker 1: Yes, Gregory, the idea is earlier how we approached it from the edge of the panel, like the minimum clearance is 1 meter, then Speaker 1: later you know we wanted to utilize it in arranged best way and later in the future if you have anything we can keep it in the mid if 3,380 is not intended ideally from the edge of the from the wall to based on the clearances we were located actually so that Speaker 1: In the nearby world, we are utilizing this space so that in between if any parallel comes, we can easily accomplish.
1: In the nearby world, we are utilizing this space so that in between if any parallel comes, we can easily accomplish. Speaker 1: Idea is like that totally considering the future and etc. Speaker 1: But if clearance is not there, then we will push it on the east side of the tree. Speaker 1: Yes, that's exactly the point. Speaker 1: You have the 800 is too small. Speaker 1: It's not your one meter clearance. Speaker 1: So you need to move this one to make it one meter. Speaker 1: So the 3,600 root became 3,400. Speaker 1: And on the other side of the MCC, don't you have the same problem between the MCC and the beam? Speaker 1: It's a monitor-checked distance from the jet this thing. Speaker 1: No, from the beam, that clearance is... Yeah, 200. Speaker 1: So same.
cked distance from the jet this thing. Speaker 1: No, from the beam, that clearance is... Yeah, 200. Speaker 1: So same. Speaker 1: So if you then the 3,400 can be, it can become 3,200. Speaker 1: If you have a panel, usually it is 1 meter large. Speaker 1: So between the dose panel on the 3 meter plus, we can have one, one line of panel on the middle. Speaker 1: It's not easy. Speaker 1: It is the last chance space to use. Speaker 1: But according to what we can see, if we draw some panel on the middle, it can fit. Speaker 1: It's not perfect. Speaker 1: It's not having a lot of space, but it could fit Speaker 1: So we better don't stay too close to the war or the beam since the beginning or the rise between the and managerial after. Speaker 1: Definitely, definitely.
the war or the beam since the beginning or the rise between the and managerial after. Speaker 1: Definitely, definitely. Speaker 1: That means 592 is there at the moment. Speaker 1: That means that is a 600 again 400. Speaker 1: You have to push this side here 200. Speaker 1: that means yes 3000 will be their degree that means I am in the left side 400 I am pushing it I mean LBSP towards you said you are pushing 400 here MCC the entire stuff we are pushing 200 towards west side by 200 so that means in between now you will have space approximately 3080 Speaker 1: Got it, got it. Speaker 1: After in this case, it's better to align it 3000 and to adjust from the middle what we need now. Speaker 1: Yes, yes.
1: After in this case, it's better to align it 3000 and to adjust from the middle what we need now. Speaker 1: Yes, yes. Speaker 1: The general picture of all that need to be checked and we need definitely to have all those dimensions shown on the restricting points. Speaker 1: After for Remind, we expect our consultants to be checking Speaker 1: all that before submitting the document. Speaker 1: So please, for next week, make the job. Speaker 1: As soon as the drawing is updated, check them and you know exactly the exercise we want. Speaker 1: So please proceed. Speaker 1: Okay. Speaker 1: Do we have the same
and you know exactly the exercise we want. Speaker 1: So please proceed. Speaker 1: Okay. Speaker 1: Do we have the same Speaker 1: We shouldn't have a point to be checked on the B14, but I think it's not useful to open the drawing, because we already know we don't have the good panel on the good panel dimension open. Speaker 1: And same, and you can review the drawing before submission with the same ideas. Speaker 1: Got it, got it, got it, got it, yes. Speaker 1: Can you stay on this low wing and zoom and show where are located to cut out? Speaker 1: Going to process. Speaker 1: So here we will be on the floor. Speaker 1: on the floor side. Speaker 1: Yes.
? Speaker 1: Going to process. Speaker 1: So here we will be on the floor. Speaker 1: on the floor side. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: There is a space, uh, uh, uh, Gregory and, uh, if you look at the side photos now, once again, uh, we are trying, uh, once again, I'll show the photos as well. Speaker 1: Uh, this is where we were also trying to, uh, put this, uh, by in the side, we can align it once again, I'll show the photos. Speaker 1: This is the point we wanted to, uh, once again, uh, Speaker 1: What is the date that you put it? Speaker 1: Side photos so that we can show him. Speaker 1: One second, I'll just... I don't know. Speaker 1: See, this is where I mean one second, one second. Speaker 1: Yes, triggering, we were okay.
... I don't know. Speaker 1: See, this is where I mean one second, one second. Speaker 1: Yes, triggering, we were okay. Speaker 1: See, there is a door right after that there is a space just below the beam. Speaker 1: So that here this is where we were telling that we can take a cable train. Speaker 1: Once again, I'm trying to, yes, you can see that space here, right? Speaker 1: Can you see it? Speaker 1: Okay, yes. Speaker 1: But stay on this picture and can you zoom a little bit more from this door, the beams and so on? Speaker 1: Because here it's very interesting. Speaker 1: You can see the two floor, different elevation as well. Speaker 1: So we have the control room floor. Speaker 1: on the left and we have the instrumentation from which is having a false plot on the right.
ntrol room floor. Speaker 1: on the left and we have the instrumentation from which is having a false plot on the right. Speaker 1: I got your point, I got your point, I just gave them to you.
from which is having a false plot on the right. Speaker 1: I got your point, I got your point, I just gave them to you. Speaker 1: They are not in the sun, they are cut out, they are not in the sun, they are not in the sun, they are not in the sun, they are not in the sun, they are not in the sun, they are not in the sun, they are not in the sun, they are not in the sun, they are not in the sun, they are not in the sun, they are not in the sun, they are not in the sun, they are not in the sun, they are not in the sun, they are not in the sun, they are not in the sun, they are not in the sun, they are not in the sun, they are not in the sun, they are not in the sun, they are not in the sun, they are not in the sun, they are not in the sun, they are not in the sun, they are not in the sun, they are not in the sun, they are not in the sun, they are not in the sun, they are not in the sun, they are not in the sun, they are
in the sun, they are not in the sun, they are not in the sun, they are not in the sun, they are not in the sun, they are Speaker 1: So, one second, one second. Speaker 1: So now that we have all the two floor in mine and the location of the step, we could check directly on the AutoCAD drawing where is located the cutouts. Speaker 1: Okay. Speaker 1: Monisha, you please go to the auto get drawing. Speaker 1: Just 20 seconds. Speaker 1: You please go to the auto get drawing. Speaker 1: So you are selling that from here to here that gap is difficult to come out. Speaker 1: Correct? Speaker 1: No. Speaker 1: No, we need to see, but what is not clear for Speaker 1: So maybe you have a view like a T8 or something like that. Speaker 1: Can you take it? Speaker 1: Yes, yes, yes.
aker 1: So maybe you have a view like a T8 or something like that. Speaker 1: Can you take it? Speaker 1: Yes, yes, yes. Speaker 1: Monison, now you go to your party, Monison. Speaker 1: But we are so... Yeah, zoom it, Monison. Speaker 1: Yes, I've done so. Speaker 1: You've done so much control. Speaker 1: And no, we have quality in God. Speaker 1: So it's not like that. Speaker 1: It's not visible on his own wing. Speaker 1: He's not going to do the 3D of the stream, so we're not going to do it. Speaker 1: No, we're not going to do it. Speaker 1: We're not going to do it. Speaker 1: We're not going to do it. Speaker 1: So we can see that you are well integrated on this view, the step. Speaker 1: And yes, there is also a cutouts to have on the wall between the two divisions.
rated on this view, the step. Speaker 1: And yes, there is also a cutouts to have on the wall between the two divisions. Speaker 1: What we cannot see and that is more evidence with the picture is that there is some beam for the meseline and there is some reactor after which I installed and here on this drawing we cannot see if we are well aligned with the beam or if we are clashing with something Speaker 1: Okay. Speaker 1: Okay. Speaker 1: Okay. Speaker 1: Got it. Speaker 1: Got it. Speaker 1: I understood. Speaker 1: Once again, let me try to explain further. Speaker 1: Maybe this picture will be more better. Speaker 1: Can you see that? Speaker 1: This is where, but what we wanted, like, see, these beams below this only, we wanted to take out a Gregory. Speaker 1: That's the idea.
but what we wanted, like, see, these beams below this only, we wanted to take out a Gregory. Speaker 1: That's the idea. Speaker 1: And between the reactors, no, there is a space that is where we wanted to take out. Speaker 1: But since we have only these details, right, and Speaker 1: That is why we have approximately marked in those areas. Speaker 1: Ideally, one cutout is here, another one is between the reactors, there will be a space right there. Speaker 1: By using the support, we can go or we can take from this itself, we can go. Speaker 1: That is because we have three sides. Speaker 1: So somewhere we need to plan in between only RLs. Speaker 1: We need to see the distance between the two and we can come out
omewhere we need to plan in between only RLs. Speaker 1: We need to see the distance between the two and we can come out Speaker 1: And then using the bend we have to come like this, then we can go like this. Speaker 1: Then here we can make one or two tyres actually, something that we can plan. Speaker 1: Actually, I think that, yes, we have enough space to do whatever is needed. Speaker 1: We just, we apparently are not in clash, but we don't see the building buildings where they are on your door. Speaker 1: After the design is far enough to turn or go up or do whatever is required.
ings where they are on your door. Speaker 1: After the design is far enough to turn or go up or do whatever is required. Speaker 1: Okay, okay, we'll just put see this is no we have planned see this is the beam I mean building slap this is what we are seeing it so we can make cut out in these areas so then we can come out that is from the LBSP we can in come inside process area likely it's legal market that is one part for the one second for Speaker 1: So this one is there no? Speaker 1: I mean, for the control room, we can take it from the library. Speaker 1: For control room, I don't know how they have constructed, but based on the levels, if you look at this slab thickness is more, that's what I see.
know how they have constructed, but based on the levels, if you look at this slab thickness is more, that's what I see. Speaker 1: So that is why we were having a space, but here we are able to see the space. Speaker 1: Yes, I think the beam on the side is bigger than what is it from the inside. Speaker 1: I'm pretty sure you have enough space to make the cutouts. Speaker 1: But it's also the cutouts between below control room and on false floor where we can see where is located these cutouts. Speaker 1: And how many cutouts do you need? Speaker 1: If you come back to the routeing, to the AutoCAD from Mondecha? Speaker 1: Yeah, Mondecha, please go back to the AutoCAD, please. Speaker 1: How many cutouts do you need for instrumentation and curriculum?
echa, please go back to the AutoCAD, please. Speaker 1: How many cutouts do you need for instrumentation and curriculum? Speaker 1: I don't know, because there has to be some instruments. Speaker 1: For the instrument. Speaker 1: The bass. Speaker 1: The whole instrument. Speaker 1: I think we need 23. Speaker 1: Here we have two, but here we have two layers. Speaker 1: We have two layers. Speaker 1: We have another one. Speaker 1: We have three layers. Speaker 1: We have three layers. Speaker 1: We have three layers. Speaker 1: We have two layers. Speaker 1: We have three layers. Speaker 1: We have three layers. Speaker 1: We have three layers. Speaker 1: We have three layers. Speaker 1: We have three layers. Speaker 1: We have three layers. Speaker 1: We have three layers.
We have three layers. Speaker 1: We have three layers. Speaker 1: We have three layers. Speaker 1: We have three layers. Speaker 1: We have three layers. Speaker 1: We have three layers. Speaker 1: We have three layers. Speaker 1: We have three layers. Speaker 1: We have three layers. Speaker 1: We have three layers. Speaker 1: We have three layers. Speaker 1: We have three layers. Speaker 1: We have three layers. Speaker 1: We have three layers. Speaker 1: We have three layers. Speaker 1: We have three layers. Speaker 1: We have three layers. Speaker 1: We have three layers. Speaker 1: We have three layers. Speaker 1: We have three layers. Speaker 1: We have three layers. Speaker 1: We have three layers. Speaker 1: We have three layers. Speaker 1: We have three layers.
We have three layers. Speaker 1: We have three layers. Speaker 1: We have three layers. Speaker 1: We have three layers. Speaker 1: We have three layers. Speaker 1: We have three layers. Speaker 1: We have three layers. Speaker 1: We have three layers. Speaker 1: We have three layers. Speaker 1: We have three layers. Speaker 1: That's good for the cinema, it's good for quality students. Speaker 1: It's good to see you too, let me know. Speaker 1: I think we need a minimum of three cutouts, maybe more. Speaker 1: But that's a good question, or many are doing it. Speaker 1: Can you show here where you're located in the cutouts?
r 1: But that's a good question, or many are doing it. Speaker 1: Can you show here where you're located in the cutouts? Speaker 1: no see in between that slab thickness we are coming this way and that tray will enter into LVSB and it will go but by looking at that this is not possible so we will rule out so instead no no I'm not sure I think it's possible Speaker 1: See, this is the thickness bottom of the slab. Speaker 1: This is the top of the slab. Speaker 1: Can you see the distance? Speaker 1: Yes, but what you have is, it is only the beam, the one which is inside the wall, which is that big. Speaker 1: If we should check the beam structure, how is it made?
, the one which is inside the wall, which is that big. Speaker 1: If we should check the beam structure, how is it made? Speaker 1: We can probably, without going straight, beyond the floor inside the fermentation room, cross going on the other side. Speaker 1: Take a little bit of going down to get the few centimeter required. Speaker 1: And then we make the turning going to the wall Speaker 1: And we are the right elevation. Speaker 1: Oh, once again, sorry, that, see, certain things, when we draw it, it will be clear for you and me as well. Speaker 1: Okay. Speaker 1: So yeah, yeah, that's right after you see the white beam. Speaker 1: Yes, yes. Speaker 1: The white beam, after crossing this white beam, yes, you can, you can do adjustment on the elevation.
s, yes. Speaker 1: The white beam, after crossing this white beam, yes, you can, you can do adjustment on the elevation. Speaker 1: When you are inside the BSB, you can go down a little bit. Speaker 1: You make an angle, which means below the, after the world crossing, below the control room operator, in these lengths, you can go down. Speaker 1: I mean, here, you're the linger. Speaker 1: Just after crossing the wall, so yes. Speaker 1: Yes, that means. Speaker 1: See after the see this is the I believe here there will be a big beam. Speaker 1: It is rising of correct. Speaker 1: No, so after that. Speaker 1: Yes, after that we can make it up if the if you are able to use that space, then we can come out. Speaker 1: Nicely we need to control on site and to us TV if we can have a discount.
e that space, then we can come out. Speaker 1: Nicely we need to control on site and to us TV if we can have a discount. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: And then after for me, after making the, yeah, on this portion that you are showing, between before the hellbo, we can stay not fully horizontal and get like 10 cm below lower or something like that. Speaker 1: And then you Speaker 1: No, no, no, you keep exactly where you are positioned for the, for the elbow. Speaker 1: This is just the straight portion between the elbow and the wall. Speaker 1: This one is supposed to be horizontal. Speaker 1: If you are not fully horizontal and you are going lower, it will, it will not make any impact on nothing. Speaker 1: And you will get a few centimeter lower as required.
lower, it will, it will not make any impact on nothing. Speaker 1: And you will get a few centimeter lower as required. Speaker 1: The one you have selected, in fact, if it's not always on trial, but having a percentage slope, then you will make it. Speaker 1: Okay, here you need some slope, then we can go out right from this side to this side, right? Speaker 1: That is possible. Speaker 1: That you can do it. Speaker 1: I got it. Speaker 1: Because we need to coordinate this. Speaker 1: It's not class with that correct. Speaker 1: No. Speaker 1: Somewhere we have to take out correct. Speaker 1: No, that I understood. Speaker 1: I understood. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: So, if we are coming like that, maybe we will make some slope something like that you are telling, right?
es. Speaker 1: So, if we are coming like that, maybe we will make some slope something like that you are telling, right? Speaker 1: One second. Speaker 1: See, we are coming like that. Speaker 1: Then we are making a slope, then we will come, this is where we will come out. Speaker 1: Right, like that you are telling. Speaker 1: Yes, yes, after maybe you can put the slope on the longer portion, but yes, basically this is what I mean. Speaker 1: Like this, right? Speaker 1: Yes, yeah. Speaker 1: God, it got it. Speaker 1: Yes, we can do it. Speaker 1: That is okay. Speaker 1: This we can show that slope details and etc. Speaker 1: Then this is where the cable tray enter and it comes like that. Speaker 1: It comes with that. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Got it. Speaker 1: Got it.
tray enter and it comes like that. Speaker 1: It comes with that. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Got it. Speaker 1: Got it. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Clear. Speaker 1: Sometimes, no. Speaker 1: When we see it visually, then it stays with them. Speaker 1: Yeah, fine. Speaker 1: I got it because I'm able to visualize. Speaker 1: Now I can guide my team. Speaker 1: They'll do it. Speaker 1: Okay, other question. Speaker 1: So this one is for instrumentation. Speaker 1: So the two other openings we have on this area is for electrical. Speaker 1: Okay, here we need to say that one thing, one, whatever the cables is coming out from VFD, please keep it a separate tray so that we will go into like that. Speaker 1: Now, instrumentation, we are giving it separate, correct?
a separate tray so that we will go into like that. Speaker 1: Now, instrumentation, we are giving it separate, correct? Speaker 1: No, like that you are planning. Speaker 1: Yes, for me it is more electrical and instrumentation have to be supplied. Speaker 1: Yes, correct. Speaker 1: That is the way. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: The time will interrupt once. Speaker 1: See, we require two cable drives and two layer of cable drives. Speaker 1: One will consist of electrical and the other will consist of instrumentation. Speaker 1: We will have more instrumentation k ones, which we will be running more cable. Speaker 1: We need two layers of cable. Speaker 1: Yes, I think for instrumentation, we have two or three openings. Speaker 1: For all the buildings we have, we need to have some more.
for instrumentation, we have two or three openings. Speaker 1: For all the buildings we have, we need to have some more. Speaker 1: That's what we have shown you in V7 tenant project. Speaker 1: The number of outgoing will be more from the vibe. Speaker 1: And initially also, we said that there would be some openings on the top side of the wall, on the top side of the room, sorry. Speaker 1: So basically, the one you have had it near the door on the top, Speaker 1: should be there and why not below the door by the way. Speaker 1: The door is not on the floor elevation below we have some space and we have a structure to under something. Speaker 1: Do you have the picture of this item? Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Okay, okay, okay, one second. Speaker 1: I'm just trying to make a mark.
icture of this item? Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Okay, okay, okay, one second. Speaker 1: I'm just trying to make a mark. Speaker 1: Okay. Speaker 1: So that. Speaker 1: Yeah, maybe same. Speaker 1: You're not keeping your marker. Speaker 1: Because the idea is on the other side, we have the beam to circulate. Speaker 1: So we will use that. Speaker 1: Okay, okay, okay. Speaker 1: Just just give me please. Speaker 1: Yes, now, one second, let me... Here you need, don't get to correct now. Speaker 1: Yes, but not only we can also make one going to LBSD room. Speaker 1: Just on the same iron. Speaker 1: I mean, here. Speaker 1: I mean, here also one more. Speaker 1: No, no, you come back on the picture you were having. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: You, you can mark again.
re. Speaker 1: No, no, you come back on the picture you were having. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: You, you can mark again. Speaker 1: Yes, they keep this one and you can mark one below, below the horizontal beam. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Okay. Speaker 1: Okay. Speaker 1: Okay. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: because basically you see the structure beam on the right of that where the white structure beam. Speaker 1: Yes, if you use it to attach to take your cable tray going up, after you have another beam, white, small going on the direction of the corner of the picture. Speaker 1: So, like this it is going? Speaker 1: No, no, go up with your mouse. Speaker 1: Along this beam. Speaker 1: Like that. Speaker 1: Yes, basically continue, continue, continue, continue, continue, continue, stop.
beam. Speaker 1: Like that. Speaker 1: Yes, basically continue, continue, continue, continue, continue, continue, stop. Speaker 1: And here you see you have some beam going on the direction of the middle of the building. Speaker 1: This one, yes. Speaker 1: Here we use this one to reach the storage. Speaker 1: Got it, got it. Speaker 1: Like that. Speaker 1: So you can bring everything which is going on top of the storage top or even floor. Speaker 1: You can use this route and you will reach the storage area. Speaker 1: Okay, okay, okay. Speaker 1: There is two cable 3. Speaker 1: You put one cable 3 on one side, the cable 3 on the other side to balance the weight of balls. Speaker 1: And then we go straight to the storage. Speaker 1: We select the card and instrumentation.
e weight of balls. Speaker 1: And then we go straight to the storage. Speaker 1: We select the card and instrumentation. Speaker 1: Okay, so that will be something like that it is there. Speaker 1: And after you plan that, you need to check, you need to, yes, exactly. Speaker 1: Right? Speaker 1: So this is the support I'm talking about. Speaker 1: Yeah. Speaker 1: Okay. Speaker 1: Got it. Speaker 1: Got it. Speaker 1: And after you need to check if you can fit a bit on the wall between the beam and the door and on this opening or if it's too small, then you have to go on the side of the platform and make it and going up on the different way. Speaker 1: That is we need to check what is the remaining size.
platform and make it and going up on the different way. Speaker 1: That is we need to check what is the remaining size. Speaker 1: You know, all to cross with the platform, do we have enough space for the number of cable three we have or do we need to go on the other side? Speaker 1: This is to be checked. Speaker 1: Yeah, the distance between the wall and this one, we have to check it. Speaker 1: Yes, yes. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Here you go this way. Speaker 1: Yeah. Speaker 1: We need to decide according to the distance we really have, we need to adjust maybe something. Speaker 1: Yeah, this one, yes, it can be adjusted inside. Speaker 1: They can easily do it. Speaker 1: Yes, we got it. Speaker 1: I got it.
s one, yes, it can be adjusted inside. Speaker 1: They can easily do it. Speaker 1: Yes, we got it. Speaker 1: I got it. Speaker 1: Here, we need to check the feasibility or else you have to reload and you have to get inside. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yeah, after just below the user door, I think it's also a convenient place to make another opening on the other side of the instrumentation room. Speaker 1: On the here. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Here, for example, for instrumentation, we can put another opening and it can root below the platform, going to all the below tongue. Speaker 1: We can easily turn and go there. Speaker 1: Yes, exactly. Speaker 1: Yes, got it, got it, correct.
ow tongue. Speaker 1: We can easily turn and go there. Speaker 1: Yes, exactly. Speaker 1: Yes, got it, got it, correct. Speaker 1: Yes, this is fine, but this is actually instrumentation, but where that is going while we are planning again this tray and both are going like that only, correct? Speaker 1: No, one is in addition, another one is for this one, right? Speaker 1: So, which means this is one is instrumentation, one is already clicker. Speaker 1: Got it. Speaker 1: Okay, so this is one part. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: yes this is fine and you got it and this is also I am saving it accordingly we will put it yes
peaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: yes this is fine and you got it and this is also I am saving it accordingly we will put it yes Speaker 1: got it that means instrumentation here we need one cut out here we need another cut out one more cut out as we discussed in the cable tray layout okay so there are three cutouts which we have proposed three similar winners for electrical we have proposed already three here but again we need to check the feasibility accordingly we have to connect it right Speaker 1: Yeah, but for me, it looks like, okay, if there is no obstruction in France, it seems quite good. Speaker 1: And other points, on the lower part of this drawing, as LVSB room, if you look here, yes, we have a pipe pipe inside.
1: And other points, on the lower part of this drawing, as LVSB room, if you look here, yes, we have a pipe pipe inside. Speaker 1: And we have to reach this pipe rack where on the other, that there will be a structure with stairs here in between. Speaker 1: According to my 3D, I have the space to root between these stairs and the wall. Speaker 1: In reality, we need to check what we will have and what Speaker 1: We could make an opening from the electrical going to go out of the room, go help and shoot the top of the bike pack and bring all our cable going to the textile. Speaker 1: It's got it, got it. Speaker 1: I understand. Speaker 1: I saw you the route. Speaker 1: This is what exactly you're trying to explain. Speaker 1: Just give me one second. Speaker 1: Can you see my screen?
1: This is what exactly you're trying to explain. Speaker 1: Just give me one second. Speaker 1: Can you see my screen? Speaker 1: Can you see that? Speaker 1: So this is what you are telling, it will come out from the cable, I mean LBSB room, okay. Speaker 1: Then it will rise after the stack case, then along the, I mean, on the B16 building outside, there is a pi-track that the top it is there. Speaker 1: I remember still, we can run that cable tray throughout and it will come. Speaker 1: Basically, this is how we can reach it. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: And from there also we probably need to bring some electricity to the HVAC system. Speaker 1: Yes, we will enter here itself triggering for the EMCC room is here somewhere. Speaker 1: Yes, yes, exactly.
Speaker 1: Yes, we will enter here itself triggering for the EMCC room is here somewhere. Speaker 1: Yes, yes, exactly. Speaker 1: Here we will enter on top of the room, I mean higher than the room, from the type hikes, we will enter into the building. Speaker 1: What's your opinion? Speaker 1: How have you given Krigadi, for MCC bottom entry or top entry, I mean in a panel? Speaker 1: That means you are entering inside the GSE, I mean MCC room on the top, then you have to go down, then Paul's floor you have to go. Speaker 1: Got it. Speaker 1: The main idea for now is to enter the route on top of all the rooms and reach the wall where there is a little stair. Speaker 1: This stair will not be existing and then we can go down and enter in the room where it's recorded.
tle stair. Speaker 1: This stair will not be existing and then we can go down and enter in the room where it's recorded. Speaker 1: At the elevation we need. Speaker 1: Yes, yes. Speaker 1: This is easy. Speaker 1: We can do it. Speaker 1: I mean, trigger it. Speaker 1: Okay, but only thing the elevation will be challenging for me, maybe based on the site condition you have to fix that actually, but a rooting point of it will be very simple, but exact elevations, we need to match maybe the drawings etc, it will be helpful because this drawing is just a plot man that we need to adjust Speaker 1: with the pipe rack details and etc. Speaker 1: Below both the pipe rack only we are supposed to go cable to a right. Speaker 1: So that elevation and all we may need is input from your cell.
k only we are supposed to go cable to a right. Speaker 1: So that elevation and all we may need is input from your cell. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: So maybe here it will come. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Got it. Speaker 1: That we understood. Speaker 1: So one is I remember our initial plan also we have made a drawing right in the maybe a couple of reasons back. Speaker 1: So that still holds good because from there ideally what we are discussing we are retaining it. Speaker 1: Okay. Speaker 1: The other two, three cutouts know that from three cutouts, the cables will go to all the motors located inside the, I mean, these reactors. Speaker 1: Okay. Speaker 1: But there is one more cable.
o to all the motors located inside the, I mean, these reactors. Speaker 1: Okay. Speaker 1: But there is one more cable. Speaker 1: It will go from the, I mean, from the LBSP to here, there will be a attack spanum, attack cmc0. Speaker 1: So it will come here. Speaker 1: and HVC planal also will be there. Speaker 1: So for that it is required monitor. Speaker 1: So we need to propose one tray for from here and we also have the cutout from here. Speaker 1: We are raising it from here. Speaker 1: somewhere here, inside LVSP room and the team Mangabithi also told the same similar phase and on the top of the MVA LVSP, just below the slab we are coming out then we are again rising back again, right? Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: I mean somewhere here. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yes.
we are again rising back again, right? Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: I mean somewhere here. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Okay. Speaker 1: Got it. Speaker 1: Got it. Speaker 1: Figuring. Speaker 1: Okay. Speaker 1: Fine. Speaker 1: This is well understood that it was expected only. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yeah. Speaker 1: Any other points? Speaker 1: from now no concerning that path I think that's already quite a lot let's see coming all those points there is some major update about the location of the ESV and all the check that need to be drawn to be done and to be drawn and done yeah let's see let's see coming that first yeah okay Speaker 1: If we assume, after they will be some form of a turn, it's better not to. Speaker 1: Yes, Mangapati?
eah okay Speaker 1: If we assume, after they will be some form of a turn, it's better not to. Speaker 1: Yes, Mangapati? Speaker 1: I just asked you, point of session. Speaker 1: See that we will be a bit uncertain. Speaker 1: Please state the G.A. Speaker 1: drawing, which we have submitted for B16 for all the panel. Speaker 1: Take the partition part, which is already there is the G.A. Speaker 1: drawing. Speaker 1: Bring it into this panel area. Speaker 1: So, you will understand where the bracket is coming, because, say, over you are explaining to somebody else, yes, you know, somebody else to understand that where the bracket is, where the MCC is there.
plaining to somebody else, yes, you know, somebody else to understand that where the bracket is, where the MCC is there. Speaker 1: We are telling you the same thing, the reason is, where the column is going to come, where the cutout is, has been elected, in that particular area, if the bracket came as an income, Speaker 1: So, it will be very difficult, you need to recheck now itself. Speaker 1: Later, checking of that particular point will not be really useful. Speaker 1: So, you take the GA drawing of the PCC panel, keep the GA drawing into this, because you are showing the front of the panel is, and back of the front of the panel, where the brackets are going to come, is towards south side. Speaker 1: So, you need to see where the column and the cutout was there.
kets are going to come, is towards south side. Speaker 1: So, you need to see where the column and the cutout was there. Speaker 1: and we already mentioned in our previous mails also telling that the column was projected to 100 mm inside for B14 and B16 and B14 400 mm. Speaker 1: So those areas should look based on keeping the GA drawing plan view in the plan view what you are showing it will be really helpful. Speaker 1: Okay, okay, so for B14 it is 400. Speaker 1: I have written the same thing in May and same thing I have written for B16 and so B16 is 200, B14 is 400. Speaker 1: Okay. Speaker 1: Fine. Speaker 1: If you start. Speaker 1: I will just come with another point. Speaker 1: Quickly. Speaker 1: Yes, yes. Speaker 1: Can you zoom between LBSB and the DG sets? Speaker 1: Yes.
er point. Speaker 1: Quickly. Speaker 1: Yes, yes. Speaker 1: Can you zoom between LBSB and the DG sets? Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: There is an opening there. Speaker 1: Go look higher, a little bit. Speaker 1: On up. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: There is a cuts view. Speaker 1: No, no, go higher. Speaker 1: In fact, it is not here. Speaker 1: It is. Speaker 1: You see the T1, the T5. Speaker 1: Can you zoom on the T5? Speaker 1: Stop. Speaker 1: Don't move here. Speaker 1: Do you see the cable trickertouts between up and down? Speaker 1: Do you see the door to go inside? Speaker 1: Yes, yes, yes, this is actually this will be a we need to close this cutout we have to move it we have to make a slab opening where required accordingly we have to rise it
eed to close this cutout we have to move it we have to make a slab opening where required accordingly we have to rise it Speaker 1: And we need to check what we can do, but any cutout can be useful. Speaker 1: Between the cutout and the door, we have some distance. Speaker 1: This is more what we will do vertically, which will be useful. Speaker 1: But for me, okay, if it has been moved a little bit before done, but the cutout is done now. Speaker 1: Is it?
peaker 1: But for me, okay, if it has been moved a little bit before done, but the cutout is done now. Speaker 1: Is it? Speaker 1: but this one why we need actually if the cable is going to only UPS room or any other places you guys are taking it that if I know that maybe we can reduce the cable size and whether we can see that it is... Yeah, but clearly it is for the UPS and yes we may not need all those cable to it and those cable click and turn between the door and between the cut-up Speaker 1: So we just need to be clear and to be careful with this one. Speaker 1: Cut it, cut it. Speaker 1: So this is mainly this made it for this UPS only, correct no? Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Okay, then I agree we don't need much, this much big tray. Speaker 1: Okay.
only, correct no? Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Okay, then I agree we don't need much, this much big tray. Speaker 1: Okay. Speaker 1: So we will maybe we will ensure that we'll keep it this one. Speaker 1: The balance one will close it. Speaker 1: Hopefully we'll see that it should not class with this door. Speaker 1: Yes, between the cutout and the door, we have the time to turn, I guess. Speaker 1: We can put a 45 degrees elbow and a ski and a route next to the door, not in front of the door. Speaker 1: Yes, yes, yes, yes. Speaker 1: But it needs to be rolled, so unchecked. Speaker 1: Okay, that feasibility will check it, Gregory. Speaker 1: Got it, got it. Speaker 1: We know exactly. Speaker 1: Yeah, yes. Speaker 1: I will do it in the starting.
y. Speaker 1: Got it, got it. Speaker 1: We know exactly. Speaker 1: Yeah, yes. Speaker 1: I will do it in the starting. Speaker 1: Gregory, this motion also we will align it, but with your permission, we have shown to Speaker 1: and may be one tray may be sufficient, accordingly we will reduce this. Speaker 1: Is that okay to you or it is not required in that case? Speaker 1: You get my point. Speaker 1: Only one may be one UPS, right? Speaker 1: For me, for the UPS, yes, only one is enough to be enough. Speaker 1: That means even 100mm tray is more than sufficient. Speaker 1: Possibly, but we better use the ball to keep a large table tray if we have a large opening. Speaker 1: Yeah, we better make the cable free turning and keep it as large as it's the opening.
e have a large opening. Speaker 1: Yeah, we better make the cable free turning and keep it as large as it's the opening. Speaker 1: Okay, okay fine. Speaker 1: So that means whatever is made is made, but we will utilize this and with this portion, we'll ensure that it is not clashing with the support, right? Speaker 1: We had to balance the reservations a bit like that, like we had to pay the bills, etc. Speaker 1: But we knew we had to pay the bills. Speaker 1: That's why we had to pay the bills because if we had to advance, we would have to pay the bills. Speaker 1: Okay. Speaker 1: Okay. Speaker 1: Do we have any other points or any other drawing to check? Speaker 1: Yeah, that's the one that we have prepared it. Speaker 1: And maybe the lighting person, we have done it.
ck? Speaker 1: Yeah, that's the one that we have prepared it. Speaker 1: And maybe the lighting person, we have done it. Speaker 1: If you want, we can have a look. Speaker 1: And the day we discussed it, we have made it like that. Speaker 1: But can we open the lighting? Speaker 1: Maybe the way how we have placed it, maybe you just also imagine it, so that maybe if that is okay, we can discuss that. Speaker 1: We can open quickly. Speaker 1: Yes, yes, yes, yes. Speaker 1: It won't take much time. Speaker 1: We are running out of time, but we can take five minutes from just one of us. Speaker 1: Yes, yes, yes. Speaker 1: That's a lot. Speaker 1: Lighting on the west. Speaker 1: So, we have placed lights here, we got a window.
s. Speaker 1: That's a lot. Speaker 1: Lighting on the west. Speaker 1: So, we have placed lights here, we got a window. Speaker 1: but the point is, there are a lot of, I mean, reactors coming. Speaker 1: I like I remember that that other process building also on that day we went a lot of it is very congested area in this area. Speaker 1: If I'm right. Speaker 1: Yeah, that's right. Speaker 1: Yes, that point is these lights know maybe once reactors are erected then based on the gap we may have to add a few more lights in this area. Speaker 1: I'm just highlighting it now itself because we don't have the complete Speaker 1: idea about this area because it is very, when we have 3D view we can realize and put it but right now this is what we have got it. Speaker 1: You understand right?
en we have 3D view we can realize and put it but right now this is what we have got it. Speaker 1: You understand right? Speaker 1: If you like, we need to add... Speaker 1: Avis. Speaker 1: Can you work with Navy's work or not? Speaker 1: If you guys have any 3D view or something with a Navy's work, we can open it or something. Speaker 1: It would be great so that I can see and put it. Speaker 1: Yes, after there are a few things that are obviously not according to what we want. Speaker 1: For example, where you decided to put the cutouts, it will be like you decided not like it's draw on this 3D, but we have something we can share. Speaker 1: What I cannot guarantee is the exactitude of this drawing.
aw on this 3D, but we have something we can share. Speaker 1: What I cannot guarantee is the exactitude of this drawing. Speaker 1: of this sweetie, because sometimes the sweetie is done to get an idea if you can fit. Speaker 1: And then after they calculate the beam, they calculate the size of the reactor and things like that and some additional modification are done later, but not updating on the sweetie. Speaker 1: So it is highly possible that there are some differences, but you will clearly be able to see a congestion and get an idea about how many light and where to place the light. Speaker 1: Yes, yes. Speaker 1: Yes, because that is really difficult. Speaker 1: I can visualize, but my team, they need some 3D view. Speaker 1: You got me, but I have shown them. Speaker 1: Yes, yes.
I can visualize, but my team, they need some 3D view. Speaker 1: You got me, but I have shown them. Speaker 1: Yes, yes. Speaker 1: No, for me, that was more we were scared to share that to you because there is some wrong information, but not too much in terms of congestion. Speaker 1: And anyway, some congestion or some modification will be also to be adjusted at the last minute. Speaker 1: For the lighting, we need to estimate the good number of lights. Speaker 1: And when we have that, it will be anyway some site adjustment during installation. Speaker 1: It will be there. Speaker 1: That is why I am highlighting you now itself. Speaker 1: And for our techs area, we have done our best based on the beam layout. Speaker 1: Okay.
ting you now itself. Speaker 1: And for our techs area, we have done our best based on the beam layout. Speaker 1: Okay. Speaker 1: But most probably this should be okay, but we have done our best. Speaker 1: There are so many platforms are there, accordingly based on the level we have tried and our understanding we have put it. Speaker 1: Maybe if you have some 3D views so that I can check these areas whether it is okay or not. Speaker 1: And likewise we have made it. Speaker 1: But the other area we have no idea that is why we are stuck, but still I feel that a lot of lights are required because based on my understanding we need more light. Speaker 1: But here we have added. Speaker 1: After it's, it's tough to be quick as well.
erstanding we need more light. Speaker 1: But here we have added. Speaker 1: After it's, it's tough to be quick as well. Speaker 1: For the light, we need to give an idea about where we will put. Speaker 1: We will try to put in style and light up. Speaker 1: And if we see it's not enough, we had one or two, just like that, without any drawing. Speaker 1: It would be anywhere at the end, it would be tuned like that. Speaker 1: So it's the good things. Speaker 1: I think we already have a good idea about the number. Speaker 1: Sharing it's really, I think we can. Speaker 1: There is no time to change. Speaker 1: But we'll add it. Speaker 1: Okay. Speaker 1: But one small request, if you share some structural drawing, no. Speaker 1: In that, we'll identify that by looking at the 3D drawing.
request, if you share some structural drawing, no. Speaker 1: In that, we'll identify that by looking at the 3D drawing. Speaker 1: We'll identify that structural area and we'll put the lights. Speaker 1: You got my point now. Speaker 1: Okay, I see your point, but after, don't make it too much calculated science. Speaker 1: It's just a lighting, it has to be quick. Speaker 1: We want to know, we want to have a deal queue, we order that with some spare and then we proceed to installation with a guide drawing and not something too much calculated. Speaker 1: And when we write up, if we see there are too much shadow at some point, we add some light and finish. Speaker 1: Okay, okay. Speaker 1: Noted, noted. Speaker 1: Okay, do we have any use of point to discuss?
ght and finish. Speaker 1: Okay, okay. Speaker 1: Noted, noted. Speaker 1: Okay, do we have any use of point to discuss? Speaker 1: Yeah, that's all from our side. Speaker 1: That's all from our side. Speaker 1: So, okay, for you. Speaker 1: Okay. Speaker 1: Thank you for this meeting. Speaker 1: Thank you.
