Speaker 1: Good morning, guys. Speaker 1: It's sharp 11 o'clock and we will start. Speaker 1: As you know, you have been informed that today's group discussion and the topic for group discussion is corporate communications. Speaker 1: Yes, I have given you some notes and I told you to revise it. Speaker 1: And I also told you all to refer to some online material on your own. Speaker 1: So I'm sure that two people must have have read it. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Now, there are certain rules of this group discussion, ground rules, which everybody needs to follow. Speaker 1: At the outset, I request each one of you to switch on their cameras and Speaker 1: and be presentable. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: So just to request everybody switch on your camera.
ameras and Speaker 1: and be presentable. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: So just to request everybody switch on your camera. Speaker 1: Just now we had a discussion in the other class C division and everybody was like switched on their camera and they participated. Speaker 1: There is no wrong answer in today's group discussion. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Only we are here to share your perspectives, our understandings, our experiences. Speaker 1: Okay. Speaker 1: So I request all to switch on their camera. Speaker 1: Come on. Speaker 1: Hello. Speaker 1: I request all to switch on the camera. Speaker 1: Okay, thank you, Karina. Speaker 1: Thank you, Abhishek. Speaker 1: You all look so presentable. Speaker 1: All of you come on switch on your camera. Speaker 1: Don't feel shy.
Speaker 1: You all look so presentable. Speaker 1: All of you come on switch on your camera. Speaker 1: Don't feel shy. Speaker 1: Find a comfortable place in your house where Speaker 1: to find little disturbances because this will be a rocking group discussion and there is no wrong answer. Speaker 1: Trust me, there will be no wrong answer and you will have every freedom to voice your opinion and share your perspectives. Speaker 1: Nobody is going to put you down or feel bad about you. Speaker 1: This is just the academic discussion that we are going to have. Speaker 1: So I request all Rishika, Rishika, Siddharth, Shruti, Siddhi, Rhea, Rathod, everybody to switch on their cameras. Speaker 1: Doesn't matter.
hika, Rishika, Siddharth, Shruti, Siddhi, Rhea, Rathod, everybody to switch on their cameras. Speaker 1: Doesn't matter. Speaker 1: Even you have less number of people will start to the group discussion. Speaker 1: OK. Speaker 1: quickly, quickly, quickly, quickly. Speaker 1: People are feeling very shy to switch on the cameras. Speaker 1: Because for past one years, you are only listening, listening like an all-in-day radio where you can't see people, you only hear voices. Speaker 1: So I can understand. Speaker 1: I can feel with you. Speaker 1: And I understand that this is a lockdown time and we are not in college. Speaker 1: We are scattered to whichever places we are. Speaker 1: I mean, we are pigeonhood in our respective homes and we are situated there.
ered to whichever places we are. Speaker 1: I mean, we are pigeonhood in our respective homes and we are situated there. Speaker 1: feel free and these and such lectures are like a really a user's a feel of a classroom where we can see each other where we can contribute. Speaker 1: So this is something very, very important and this being your TVI year, third year, next year you will be part of industry, you will be pursuing higher studies, some of you will be going abroad, some of you may be pursuing their entrepreneurship with their family business, what not, so many things. Speaker 1: Okay, so yeah, okay. Speaker 1: First of all, feel free. Speaker 1: Yes, feel free. Speaker 1: So good, good. Speaker 1: Thank you so much for switching on your cameras.
l free. Speaker 1: Yes, feel free. Speaker 1: So good, good. Speaker 1: Thank you so much for switching on your cameras. Speaker 1: Other people I request, please switch on your cameras and let us be as visible as possible. Speaker 1: First of all, today's topic is corporate communications. Speaker 1: I shared some notes with you. Speaker 1: I'm sure you must have gone through it. Speaker 1: Even if you have not gone, it's okay. Speaker 1: You can keep your cell phone in front of you, but you can keep that notes and you can share your perspectives. Speaker 1: Okay. Speaker 1: So how we are going to start? Speaker 1: So first, the discussion we will discuss about corporate communication as to we'll discuss. Speaker 1: as to what corporate communication is. Speaker 1: So I request anybody.
te communication as to we'll discuss. Speaker 1: as to what corporate communication is. Speaker 1: So I request anybody. Speaker 1: Now, if you have a point to say or if you have something to say, you raise your hand. Speaker 1: Now zoom allows your option where you can raise your hand. Speaker 1: Please raise your hand and I will tell that person to speak. Speaker 1: So initially for next five or 10 minutes, we are going to speak about meaning of corporate communication. Speaker 1: Exactly what this corporate communication stands for. Speaker 1: So anybody raise your hand and just let me zoom in the first person who takes the lead, who takes initiation. Speaker 1: and starts the discussion.
and just let me zoom in the first person who takes the lead, who takes initiation. Speaker 1: and starts the discussion. Speaker 1: So my first question to the whole class is, we are going to talk about corporate communication. Speaker 1: So let us discuss about the meaning of corporate communication. Speaker 1: Anybody come on raise your hand. Speaker 1: Let me see who has raised his or her hand. Speaker 1: Come on. Speaker 1: Quickly. Speaker 1: Okay. Speaker 1: I think Abhishek. Speaker 1: Abhishek is the first person. Speaker 1: First of all, let me clap for Abhishek. Speaker 1: 3-9 is the second person. Speaker 1: So I'm clapping for Abhishek. Speaker 1: We'll ask Abhishek to share his perspective. Speaker 1: Abhishek, what is corporate communication according to you?
r 1: We'll ask Abhishek to share his perspective. Speaker 1: Abhishek, what is corporate communication according to you? Speaker 1: Share with the whole class. Speaker 1: So sir corporate come sir first of all good morning and it is nice to see you like this India and sir corporate communication is nothing but just formal communication among the employees or Speaker 1: Employees are the management management. Speaker 1: So Abhishek says corporate communication is communication with employees with management. Speaker 1: Anybody would like to build up on Abhishek? Speaker 1: What Abhishek said? Speaker 1: Anybody would like to build up on that? Speaker 1: Is corporate communication restricted only within the organization or it has a broader canvas? Speaker 1: Come on.
er 1: Is corporate communication restricted only within the organization or it has a broader canvas? Speaker 1: Come on. Speaker 1: Yes, go ahead. Speaker 1: So that communication is actually both internal and external. Speaker 1: Okay, just a second, you have to switch on your camera man and then you have to speak. Speaker 1: Can you switch on your camera please? Speaker 1: Just a request to you. Speaker 1: Hello. Speaker 1: Okay, so let me give you a greener, then I'm coming to Kushi Jain, then I'll come to Raksha Buddha. Speaker 1: So let me go to Krina. Speaker 1: Krina was the second person to raise a Rani. Speaker 1: Krina, can you build upon Abhishek's argument? Speaker 1: Abhishek says that corporate communication is mostly communication that happens internally.
ishek's argument? Speaker 1: Abhishek says that corporate communication is mostly communication that happens internally. Speaker 1: So what is your view on this? Speaker 1: Can you build on it? Speaker 1: Yes, of course. Speaker 1: So hello, everyone. Speaker 1: I'm Krina Doria. Speaker 1: And as of today's topic, corporate communication. Speaker 1: to start with, I would like to first define what communication is, according to dictionary.com, the imparting or interchange of thoughts, opinions, or information by speech, writing, or sign. Speaker 1: According to me, my definition of communication is sharing as thoughts or any opinion or information we get by ourselves or other two other people. Speaker 1: And one of the key aspect is to
or any opinion or information we get by ourselves or other two other people. Speaker 1: And one of the key aspect is to Speaker 1: make the other person understand what that information thought process is. Speaker 1: And corporate communication is a communication that happens within the firm as well as our communication that happens with your company with the outside world. Speaker 1: It is internal and external as someone already mentioned and yeah. Speaker 1: Okay, Karina. Speaker 1: So Karina is saying, no, corporate communication has one more dimension. Speaker 1: It is internal as well as external. Speaker 1: So she is giving the definition of corporate communication from stakeholders perspective. Speaker 1: You know, there are a lot of stakeholders in a company.
orporate communication from stakeholders perspective. Speaker 1: You know, there are a lot of stakeholders in a company. Speaker 1: One, our internal stakeholder and the second is external stakeholder. Speaker 1: So when I say internal stakeholders, these are people who are associated directly in the management of the company. Speaker 1: So internal stakeholders, constitutes employees, board of directors, subordinates, managers, shareholders, people who have bought the shares of the company, even they are the internal stakeholders. Speaker 1: And when we talk about external stakeholders, there are a bunch of lot of people. Speaker 1: External ambit is slightly wider than the internal.
xternal stakeholders, there are a bunch of lot of people. Speaker 1: External ambit is slightly wider than the internal. Speaker 1: So when I say external communication, it includes media houses, it includes vendors, it includes Speaker 1: governments, PR agencies, mass media, editors, then customers, potential customers, clients. Speaker 1: So external communication has what you call as a more depth compared to internal communication. Speaker 1: I'm not saying that internal is not important or external is more important, both are equally important. Speaker 1: But when you talk about corporate communication, corporate communication is communicating with all stakeholders whether they are internal or external. Speaker 1: So thank you Abhishek.
nication is communicating with all stakeholders whether they are internal or external. Speaker 1: So thank you Abhishek. Speaker 1: Thank you, Karina, for highlighting these two stakeholders' perspective of corporate communication. Speaker 1: Let us go to Khushi Jain. Speaker 1: Then I'm coming to Raksha Bhutta. Speaker 1: Others can raise their hand if you have something to contribute. Speaker 1: You can switch on your cell phone, you can Google it out, you can share your perspectives. Speaker 1: I would be happy to entertain whatever perspectives that you are sharing it. Speaker 1: So let us go to Kushi Jain. Speaker 1: Kushi Jain over to you. Speaker 1: Yes, Kushi? Speaker 1: Kushi, are you? Speaker 1: I am so myself Kushi Jain. Speaker 1: Yes, I am Jain.
you. Speaker 1: Yes, Kushi? Speaker 1: Kushi, are you? Speaker 1: I am so myself Kushi Jain. Speaker 1: Yes, I am Jain. Speaker 1: Can you switch on your camera, Kushi Jain? Speaker 1: Pushi, can you switch on your camera? Speaker 1: Sure, my camera is not working, that's the difficult problem that we face. Speaker 1: Come on, start pushing. Speaker 1: Yeah, so I was saying basically corporate communication takes with internally, as well as externally. Speaker 1: Internally, it actually helps to build a corporate culture. Speaker 1: And externally, external communication helps to build a company's public image. Speaker 1: which is more important I guess. Speaker 1: So yeah. Speaker 1: Okay. Speaker 1: So yeah.
any's public image. Speaker 1: which is more important I guess. Speaker 1: So yeah. Speaker 1: Okay. Speaker 1: So yeah. Speaker 1: So she's talking about that corporate company helps you to build the brand image, goodwill, corporate identity. Speaker 1: So she's entering into the merits of corporate communication. Speaker 1: Okay. Speaker 1: Let us go to Rakshavutra. Speaker 1: Others can raise their hands. Speaker 1: Come up. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Rakshavutra. Speaker 1: Good morning sir. Speaker 1: Yeah.
e their hands. Speaker 1: Come up. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Rakshavutra. Speaker 1: Good morning sir. Speaker 1: Yeah. Speaker 1: Communication is very important aspect in corporate world as well as in real world talking about corporate world it helps to involve and involve the employees to work efficiently towards the company which helps to gain their profits and also motivate them to perform really well for the organization. Speaker 1: And if there is a proper communication between the employer and the employee, then the output which brings it will help to gain the customers their loyalties and also helps to create an image which will be very much beneficial for a long run.
gain the customers their loyalties and also helps to create an image which will be very much beneficial for a long run. Speaker 1: if we had a proper longer term and not only internally, it motivates the employers where to work hard for the company as if the employee and the employers share their views, motivate each other. Speaker 1: They will come to know that what they are talking about and what they are doing for the company. Speaker 1: So it is very much important for a company. Speaker 1: Okay, I think there is some disturbance at Praksha's and maybe some bandwidth issue. Speaker 1: So I think the Kushi Jan and Vaksha, they were talking about the merits of corporate communication.
th issue. Speaker 1: So I think the Kushi Jan and Vaksha, they were talking about the merits of corporate communication. Speaker 1: So initially we started with what corporate communication is and then we entered into the merits of corporate communication. Speaker 1: So I want everybody to jot down quickly or tell us or tell the whole class as to what are the merits of corporate communication? Speaker 1: Can you build upon what where Kushi and Vaksha started? Speaker 1: So what are the merits of corporate communication? Speaker 1: Can you be anecdotal? Speaker 1: Can you do some experiences?
what are the merits of corporate communication? Speaker 1: Can you be anecdotal? Speaker 1: Can you do some experiences? Speaker 1: You must have known that or you must have, I'm sure that you must have read this news or seen some video on it when this Mumbai terror attacks, post terror attacks when a lot of people were killed. Speaker 1: So Ratan Tata came and he was very emotional for the kind of Speaker 1: His employees they went out of their job description and they saved lot of people and many of them kept sacrifice their lives just to protect their customers and all so they lived up to the highest Speaker 1: spirits of or the street for the highest spirits, which makes human more of a human. Speaker 1: And yeah, so come on quickly. Speaker 1: Anyone, come on.
highest spirits, which makes human more of a human. Speaker 1: And yeah, so come on quickly. Speaker 1: Anyone, come on. Speaker 1: Let us enter into the merits of public communication. Speaker 1: Anyone come on. Speaker 1: The floor is open. Speaker 1: As I'm saying, if you have difficulty speaking in English, you can speak in Hindi also. Speaker 1: I have no problem. Speaker 1: You can speak in Marathi also. Speaker 1: I have no problem. Speaker 1: But you have to speak up your point because all have Speaker 1: some sort of experience, we are reading newspapers, we are on social media and we know what corporate communication is. Speaker 1: Come on. Speaker 1: Yes, let us talk about merits of corporate communication. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Go ahead.
er 1: Come on. Speaker 1: Yes, let us talk about merits of corporate communication. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Go ahead. Speaker 1: Let us go to face your hand, please. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Lena, over to you. Speaker 1: Lena, over to you. Speaker 1: As far as I'm available. Speaker 1: Go ahead, Lena. Speaker 1: Go ahead. Speaker 1: Then we'll come to Saloni also. Speaker 1: Lena. Speaker 1: for growth and benefits of corporate communication. Speaker 1: Within the internal aspect of it, there's a clean transparency between the employers and the employees as there's communication between them. Speaker 1: And it also helps in living an efficient flow and everyone is aware of what is going on in the company. Speaker 1: So everyone is in the loop.
iving an efficient flow and everyone is aware of what is going on in the company. Speaker 1: So everyone is in the loop. Speaker 1: As for externals, it helps the customers to know what they're planning, what new things they're bringing up for the customers and new innovative ideas and also with the feedback so they can improve in their already things that are in their company. Speaker 1: Okay. Speaker 1: Okay. Speaker 1: Okay. Speaker 1: So anybody else would like to, Saloni is there. Speaker 1: Saloni has raised the hand. Speaker 1: Guys, 18 people are there in class. Speaker 1: I want others also to raise up their hats. Speaker 1: Why don't you switch on your camera? Speaker 1: Let's follow the rules of the game. Speaker 1: Let's go to Saloni. Speaker 1: Saloni over to you.
our camera? Speaker 1: Let's follow the rules of the game. Speaker 1: Let's go to Saloni. Speaker 1: Saloni over to you. Speaker 1: Then we'll come to Bhakti also. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: And I'm going to record. Speaker 1: See, I'm actually this video is recorded. Speaker 1: I'm going to upload it also. Speaker 1: Come on. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Let's go to Saloni. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: So in a corporate communication, we set up a goal and we concentrate on it. Speaker 1: Then there will be increase in production and everything would be better. Speaker 1: As Greenas said, there will be transparency. Speaker 1: So in a similar way, I will say if there is complete transparency, then productivity will be more and more and more people would be interested in the product maybe.
complete transparency, then productivity will be more and more and more people would be interested in the product maybe. Speaker 1: touching the economic aspects of the economic benefits of profit. Speaker 1: See, you all know that there is something called a stop line and bottom line. Speaker 1: When I say top line, this is sales, when I say bottom line, this is profit. Speaker 1: Now, when you prepare a vertical revenue statement or vertical profit and loss account, you start with sales. Speaker 1: So sales is the top line and finally, at the end, you get the net profit. Speaker 1: So net profit is the
es. Speaker 1: So sales is the top line and finally, at the end, you get the net profit. Speaker 1: So net profit is the Speaker 1: So, Saloni was talking about that if a company follows a systematic corporate communication then it will be able to achieve its economic objectives whether it is top line or bottom line it will be easily able to achieve those things. Speaker 1: So, thank you Saloni she is talking about economic benefits of corporate communication but other than economic benefits of corporate communication there are certain other benefits. Speaker 1: Maybe which can bring immediate money to the company also or maybe it is also beneficial to the company along. Speaker 1: So also talk about what are the other benefits of corporate communication. Speaker 1: Come on quickly.
along. Speaker 1: So also talk about what are the other benefits of corporate communication. Speaker 1: Come on quickly. Speaker 1: Anyone. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Bhakti, let's go to Bhakti Bhakti Poker has raised a rant. Speaker 1: Bhakti over to you. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: So sir, I think we are talking about what goes into the like internal corporate communication within the company. Speaker 1: While when we focus on the external parts of it, there's a lot of benefits like it gives more credibility to the company, the liability, there's much more clarity regarding the company within the customers of it. Speaker 1: And it kind of helps the company to boost its moral and also the against profits and Speaker 1: It helps them to grow because there's like credibility.
y to boost its moral and also the against profits and Speaker 1: It helps them to grow because there's like credibility. Speaker 1: If the company is communicating in a very systematic way, it helps the company to kind of gain the trust of their customers. Speaker 1: Okay, so building trust and wrap-over with the customers and the other part. Speaker 1: That is very important. Speaker 1: But that is one aspect of corporate communication. Speaker 1: So other than economic objectives, other than building trust and wrap-over, what are the other benefits that you see of corporate communication? Speaker 1: Come on. Speaker 1: The floor is open to you. Speaker 1: You can speak. Speaker 1: Go ahead. Speaker 1: Yes, yes, come on, yes. Speaker 1: I think only three, four people are participating.
k. Speaker 1: Go ahead. Speaker 1: Yes, yes, come on, yes. Speaker 1: I think only three, four people are participating. Speaker 1: Bhakti, Kreena, and Saloni, Krishis, Pukkwans, and Abhishek, started. Speaker 1: Why are other guys are not speaking? Speaker 1: See, we teach us the evaluative. Speaker 1: We definitely evaluate you. Speaker 1: And when you participate in class and when you are vocal, so that becomes easy for us to evaluate you. Speaker 1: Yeah, this person is participatory, so definitely he should get better marks, then those people are not participatory. Speaker 1: So simply don't focus on marks perspective, because marks are equally important. Speaker 1: And this is how we judge it, but I want everybody to speak of all this.
because marks are equally important. Speaker 1: And this is how we judge it, but I want everybody to speak of all this. Speaker 1: This group discussion is not evaluated. Speaker 1: They are not evaluating you. Speaker 1: But let's say in future you have to evaluate, you have to definitely have this in mind. Speaker 1: That yes, there are certain people who are very vocal, they are adding to lot of dynamism in the class. Speaker 1: Definitely, they will be in a better position compared to those people who remain mum. Speaker 1: So I want everybody to speak up, come on. Speaker 1: Everybody to speak up. Speaker 1: First of all, you have violated the rules of today's group discussion. Speaker 1: Many of you, except six or seven guys.
First of all, you have violated the rules of today's group discussion. Speaker 1: Many of you, except six or seven guys. Speaker 1: Most of you have switched off your camera, which is not allowed. Speaker 1: Don't say that there is a bandwidth issue and all. Speaker 1: 4G is sufficient where you can manage. Speaker 1: If at all it is there, I can understand. Speaker 1: But not many people have this bandwidth issue. Speaker 1: Let's go to Siddi Gotay, then we'll come to next person. Speaker 1: Siddi, over to you. Speaker 1: Siddi, what are the other benefits Speaker 1: Yeah, sir, I would like to add to work these point of view in the benefits of external communication.
enefits Speaker 1: Yeah, sir, I would like to add to work these point of view in the benefits of external communication. Speaker 1: Like she said, because I think Salonia also said that there's a transparency between the company and the outside public. Speaker 1: So, and their feedbacks and all that. Speaker 1: So, I think the people outside the company, they get to know about the brand, this brand awareness among them. Speaker 1: like they get educated by it because most of the people nowadays like advertising is there but if corporate communication is more clear they get to know about the product, they get to know about services and then there are better services over there. Speaker 1: The company will provide.
uct, they get to know about services and then there are better services over there. Speaker 1: The company will provide. Speaker 1: You would simply simply talking about corporate communication is about brand building. Speaker 1: Let me ask you how many of you are on LinkedIn. Speaker 1: There is a hand. Speaker 1: How many of you are on LinkedIn? Speaker 1: Do you have a LinkedIn account? Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Are you active on your LinkedIn account? Speaker 1: Do you follow some companies, great companies? Speaker 1: Do you follow some companies like Hual or Fathered Materials Lands or Nevada or maybe General Laptops or Microsoft or maybe Apple in corporations? Speaker 1: Do you follow these companies? Speaker 1: Do follow. Speaker 1: There are a lot of NGOs which are
rporations? Speaker 1: Do you follow these companies? Speaker 1: Do follow. Speaker 1: There are a lot of NGOs which are Speaker 1: and good foundations who are doing phenomenal job for a society, for a country. Speaker 1: They are on LinkedIn. Speaker 1: Do you follow them and see whatever good things they do, they advertise it. Speaker 1: They put it. Speaker 1: Now take example of Sonusu, Sonusu, the Bollywood celebrity. Speaker 1: He has done a phenomenal job for humanity. Speaker 1: When everybody was cool as what to do, what to do, this person came forward. Speaker 1: And he started helping migrants to reach their houses and then he started helping others. Speaker 1: And finally, he has a so-no-south foundation which is doing very well for everyone, for distress, for downshored.
ker 1: And finally, he has a so-no-south foundation which is doing very well for everyone, for distress, for downshored. Speaker 1: And suddenly, he has, like, he's doing phenomenally, though he was a celebrity, but he has acquired a lot of name by doing all this. Speaker 1: So, so-no-south is a man in itself. Speaker 1: I was just reading a news somewhere here and there, maybe it's a strange news that Sara Ali Khan, she contributed some good amount of money to Sonu's foundation so that he can continue what he is doing. Speaker 1: There are a lot of people who are pouring in money also, so that he can help a lot of people in this times of distress. Speaker 1: Okay, so yeah, so brand building, I agree to Speaker 1: Salon is a city for talking about city.
of distress. Speaker 1: Okay, so yeah, so brand building, I agree to Speaker 1: Salon is a city for talking about city. Speaker 1: I think city mentioned about it. Speaker 1: Very nice point. Speaker 1: You mentioned corporate communication is about brand building. Speaker 1: You build a credible brand for yourself. Speaker 1: A long, elastic brand. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: That's why you have to speak. Speaker 1: Come on. Speaker 1: Anybody else? Speaker 1: Other than cross building, brand building, corporate image, corporate identity, other than economic object, achieving economic object, you stop lying on bottom line. Speaker 1: What are the other benefits that you see of corporate communication? Speaker 1: Come on quickly. Speaker 1: Over to you. Speaker 1: The floor is open.
at you see of corporate communication? Speaker 1: Come on quickly. Speaker 1: Over to you. Speaker 1: The floor is open. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Go ahead, there is no wrong answer. Speaker 1: Are you sir? Speaker 1: May I? Speaker 1: Go ahead, tell your name and go ahead. Speaker 1: Sir Saloni and I would like to say if there is proper corporate communication, we can actually like deal with the crisis that happened during that organization undergoes because it is very effective during crisis. Speaker 1: One person is aware about the situation but the other is not aware and there would be much of miscommunication. Speaker 1: There is not proper
out the situation but the other is not aware and there would be much of miscommunication. Speaker 1: There is not proper Speaker 1: So can you illustrate with an example, Saloni Saloni is touching an important aspects and which is one of the core point of corporate communication that there are a lot of crisis which happens in the life of an organization. Speaker 1: Crisis happens in our life also and in the life of corporations also. Speaker 1: So their corporate communication place is very important.
our life also and in the life of corporations also. Speaker 1: So their corporate communication place is very important. Speaker 1: Can you be anecdotal saloni or other guys can tell the saloni, can they give one example or one reference where the company as a whole use its corporate communication or or use it entire PR or PR machinery to to LA the concerns of masses and saying that you know what happened is wrong and we do this all the six quickly again anybody. Speaker 1: Sir can I add to it? Speaker 1: As she said that if there is some crisis and if the company wants to communicate with, we will talk about the holistic aspect because in these crisis we need to communicate with both internal as well as external factors.
about the holistic aspect because in these crisis we need to communicate with both internal as well as external factors. Speaker 1: What happens that there are a few decisions that the management is taking and the employees get to know about it because there is a set of hierarchy. Speaker 1: But the external factors maybe are not aware of what is happening. Speaker 1: So we can talk about in these Corona crisis. Speaker 1: So there were few AGMs that were being held, right? Speaker 1: So in that AGM, they actually tell that what can be the next move or what can be the next vision. Speaker 1: So we are all on the same page. Speaker 1: So this is one aspect where you, but what Aroni was talking about, I appreciate, I don't know if that you mentioned about all these AGMs and boardroom issues.
hat Aroni was talking about, I appreciate, I don't know if that you mentioned about all these AGMs and boardroom issues. Speaker 1: But what the concern is that how popular communication helps you to manage the crisis which happens in the life of organization. Speaker 1: Now, take example of British petroleum. Speaker 1: You remember a couple of years back, I think almost a decade now, that entire in the Gulf of Mexico, in the Gulf of Mexico, which is somewhere near US and this Caribbean island. Speaker 1: There is that oil rig which is there in that ocean you've got blasted and at least there was food oil and aquatic flora farmer everything was battery affected loss of life also to a certain extent. Speaker 1: So British petroleum I think they did a plunder.
was battery affected loss of life also to a certain extent. Speaker 1: So British petroleum I think they did a plunder. Speaker 1: So, they had a very British petroleum was an energy, is an energy giant, but it had a very bad reputation. Speaker 1: So, ultimately if a company messes up, so company comes forward and owns it and it used compensation and it says sorry. Speaker 1: So have you heard about such company by mistake, if some decisions went wrong, so companies are publicly stating that this should not have happened and we are very apologizing and they say, OK, so even this is a form of a communication. Speaker 1: If you remember that a couple of years back, there was a bit, a big boardroom battle between Cyrus, Mr. Lee and the Tata board members.
that a couple of years back, there was a bit, a big boardroom battle between Cyrus, Mr. Lee and the Tata board members. Speaker 1: And it brought a lot of bad name for, at least not bad name, a bad publicity for it. Speaker 1: It gave a very bad publicity for Tata's. Speaker 1: In fact, they were not anticipating this. Speaker 1: Tata is a very good brand in India. Speaker 1: It has brought them into the nation building. Speaker 1: And suddenly, this boardroom battles and boardroom politics came in public and dirty linens. Speaker 1: but ultimately, there are so many people in the country. Speaker 1: In fact, everybody knows that Tata is a brand. Speaker 1: So maybe a some boardroom battle or maybe one issue. Speaker 1: We cannot target the image of Tata.
a brand. Speaker 1: So maybe a some boardroom battle or maybe one issue. Speaker 1: We cannot target the image of Tata. Speaker 1: Yeah, their communication comes into picture. Speaker 1: Their communication comes into picture. Speaker 1: have done it in the larger interest of investors and we are fair in our dealings. Speaker 1: So, company has to come and communicate. Speaker 1: So, they are PR machinery and entire PR. Speaker 1: They take care of all this crisis and they come forward and they take you message to validate the concerns of most of the people. Speaker 1: So, that's where corporate communication becomes very, very crucial particularly when crisis sets in. Speaker 1: So, whenever there is a crisis on the company, it is very important
crucial particularly when crisis sets in. Speaker 1: So, whenever there is a crisis on the company, it is very important Speaker 1: you need to communicate, you need to build trust and that the corporate communication, the major role is seen about the corporate communication. Speaker 1: Okay, anybody else would like to contribute about corporate communication, the merits of corporate communication. Speaker 1: I think most of you are touching some important aspects of public. Speaker 1: Yes, come on. Speaker 1: Hello. Speaker 1: Yes, I think she has raised her hand. Speaker 1: Do you appreciate just give me a second. Speaker 1: I'll come to you. Speaker 1: Let me go to three because she hasn't spoken here. Speaker 1: Three over to you. Speaker 1: Do you would you like to contribute?
o to three because she hasn't spoken here. Speaker 1: Three over to you. Speaker 1: Do you would you like to contribute? Speaker 1: And I would be happy. Speaker 1: Please switch on your cameras. Speaker 1: I'm so glad I actually have been waiting for you to let me try. Speaker 1: And I thought my voice should be really good. Speaker 1: So I decided to keep the camera off. Speaker 1: If my chance, I can switch it on in the middle and try that. Speaker 1: I've been so glad to be on the topic of panic, you know, stories, and how I've been trying to understand. Speaker 1: So if you remember the story of Calcutty in 2003, Speaker 1: They had this block of insects being found in their food. Speaker 1: And they put me at the same place. Speaker 1: They do. Speaker 1: They do.
insects being found in their food. Speaker 1: And they put me at the same place. Speaker 1: They do. Speaker 1: They do. Speaker 1: This is for me or is it for everyone? Speaker 1: I think it's for everyone. Speaker 1: I can't feel the audible. Speaker 1: I appreciate it. Speaker 1: Just wait for a second. Speaker 1: Your background issues get sorted. Speaker 1: You're always welcome to open up. Speaker 1: Come on. Speaker 1: Pushy Jan over to you. Speaker 1: Let's go. Speaker 1: Sir, there was a recent incident where a footballer actually, I guess it was for Coca-Cola's full of hand-ass kids. Speaker 1: It was the worst. Speaker 1: Yes, yes, yes, exactly.
y, I guess it was for Coca-Cola's full of hand-ass kids. Speaker 1: It was the worst. Speaker 1: Yes, yes, yes, exactly. Speaker 1: So actually, Coca-Cola face a huge loss of four million rupees, where external communication takes place, where this person of Coca-Cola actually gave a statement that a person have a different need. Speaker 1: And so every person have a different need. Speaker 1: And basically, Coca-Cola is a sponsor of ideas, football matches. Speaker 1: And he, smartly, Speaker 1: communicate it like every person have a different lead and a life. Speaker 1: Okay, okay. Speaker 1: So Kushi Yan is talking something about Popakola. Speaker 1: I haven't heard about this news, but it's an interesting piece of news that she's sharing.
ng about Popakola. Speaker 1: I haven't heard about this news, but it's an interesting piece of news that she's sharing. Speaker 1: Can anybody build upon that and enlighten you? Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Prina, over to you. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: So recently a video went viral of Christian Ronaldo just Speaker 1: setting aside the sponsored Coca-Cola bottles and trying to endorse water, like drink water instead of soft drinks. Speaker 1: So after that clip went viral, these stocks for Coca-Cola company went down drastically. Speaker 1: But there are some news that they were already going down before the clip viral. Speaker 1: It was just coincidence that after clip viral, it went more down. Speaker 1: And the Speaker 1: I checked on it, the Hindustan Times has posted an article.
clip viral, it went more down. Speaker 1: And the Speaker 1: I checked on it, the Hindustan Times has posted an article. Speaker 1: It said that Coca-Cola has a release in official statements stating that everyone has their own drinking preference. Speaker 1: So it's not necessary for everyone to drink Coca-Cola or not. Speaker 1: So it was their way of managing this. Speaker 1: Okay, so thank you Droy, thank you Pushijen, thank you Prina for building up on your argument and lighting the whole class. Speaker 1: Yes, anybody wants to come to put somebody's head, sir. Speaker 1: Yes, go ahead, go ahead. Speaker 1: Sorry, sorry. Speaker 1: So Abhishek is showing his cell phone. Speaker 1: So the Coca-Cola issue. Speaker 1: I will definitely search it out.
1: So Abhishek is showing his cell phone. Speaker 1: So the Coca-Cola issue. Speaker 1: I will definitely search it out. Speaker 1: So I will definitely look into it. Speaker 1: Thank you students for making me know this concept also or this new piece of news also. Speaker 1: Okay, so now my next question is that how does a corporate communication takes place? Speaker 1: Come on, let us discuss in this slide. Speaker 1: how see we have understood the meaning of corporate communication, we have understood what are the merits of corporate communication.
ve understood the meaning of corporate communication, we have understood what are the merits of corporate communication. Speaker 1: Now let us understand that how this corporate communication takes place, thing from companies perspective, which I have been telling you right from the first class that first lecture that the communication that you learned in your first year, it is more of more at the individual level. Speaker 1: And the communication that you're learning at TYBMS level is from corporate level. Speaker 1: So we are moving from individual level to organizational level. Speaker 1: So think from organization. Speaker 1: So just out of your own experiences, just tell me how companies communicate. Speaker 1: How do they communicate? Speaker 1: So you have the forums.
eriences, just tell me how companies communicate. Speaker 1: How do they communicate? Speaker 1: So you have the forums. Speaker 1: Abhishek, over to you. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: So there are basically there is a hierarchy that the senior level management will convey to the middle level and the lower level management to them. Speaker 1: It goes like that. Speaker 1: And sometimes the HR sends the email in since a dozen of emails to like everyone. Speaker 1: So Abhishek, you have focused more on the internal aspects of the communication, that what you are saying is vertical communication, probably downward communication. Speaker 1: But I think let us widen our paradigm of corporate communication.
unication, probably downward communication. Speaker 1: But I think let us widen our paradigm of corporate communication. Speaker 1: Corporate communication is internal as well as external, and the external aspect is equally more important. Speaker 1: So let us slightly expand the definition of a corporate communication. Speaker 1: I appreciate that you're talking about internal corporate communication, but my question is, how corporate communication takes place? Speaker 1: And I appreciate that it is vocal. Speaker 1: The only boy in class who's active, that's all Adara Saleh. Speaker 1: Yes, come on. Speaker 1: How corporate communication company does come on thing? Speaker 1: I think in the other class, somebody touched a very interesting card and it really Speaker 1: Come on, yes.
? Speaker 1: I think in the other class, somebody touched a very interesting card and it really Speaker 1: Come on, yes. Speaker 1: Go ahead. Speaker 1: How corporate communication takes place? Speaker 1: Come on, start one by one. Speaker 1: How does it take place? Speaker 1: Come on. Speaker 1: Pushy, have you raised your hand? Speaker 1: Pushy sent to any, the most sent one is social media like Twitter and... Speaker 1: So it happens to social media accounts. Speaker 1: Now most of the companies, they have a social media presence. Speaker 1: They have a Twitter handle. Speaker 1: They have a LinkedIn account. Speaker 1: They have a Facebook page. Speaker 1: They have an Instagram page. Speaker 1: So there they put up the message.
eaker 1: They have a Facebook page. Speaker 1: They have an Instagram page. Speaker 1: So there they put up the message. Speaker 1: There they put up the message and the message goes to intended parties. Speaker 1: So social media through social media company and company. Speaker 1: Secondly, how can a company communicate to the internal and external people? Speaker 1: How do they communicate? Speaker 1: Come on. Speaker 1: Other than social media, how do companies communicate this thing? Speaker 1: It could be through newspaper out there. Speaker 1: Okay. Speaker 1: No, no, no. Speaker 1: When you stick to advertisements, it could be advertisements in televisions.
1: Okay. Speaker 1: No, no, no. Speaker 1: When you stick to advertisements, it could be advertisements in televisions. Speaker 1: It could be radio advertisements or it could be advertisements into magazines or it could be taking off sponsorships with the sports events or maybe cover TV. Speaker 1: It could be anything. Speaker 1: Any event that happens for a good company may use sponsorships or they will be a sponsor for a marathon. Speaker 1: They put up their Speaker 1: whatever they want to put up advertisements and all, they're part of it. Speaker 1: Okay, so companies have a YouTube channel now, they are communicating through YouTube. Speaker 1: Yes, the very important website. Speaker 1: You see the website of the company, you find maximum information about the company.
e very important website. Speaker 1: You see the website of the company, you find maximum information about the company. Speaker 1: I could tell you that when this class gets over and whenever you have time, just Google about Tata's or LNT's or GoDrage, Ruiya, Speaker 1: just Google it out and see if they have given all the information. Speaker 1: I was just visiting on the Kata website because Kata is a company which are like very much it's a brand in itself which does not look good for the society. Speaker 1: So when I go on the Kata page you see you get each and every information as to who is the CEO of the company, who is the chairman, who is the American chairman.
u get each and every information as to who is the CEO of the company, who is the chairman, who is the American chairman. Speaker 1: the board of directors, the company's vision mission, even companies communicate through their vision and vision. Speaker 1: You see vision and vision is the most for people like us, we've even already interested in vision and vision, but no, a company is there for its vision, a company is there for its vision. Speaker 1: So through vision and vision also companies communicate. Speaker 1: You go to any headquarter of the company, they're at the, what you call us in the office itself, you'll find the vision and vision of the company. Speaker 1: the founders, their photos, their images, even this communicator lot.
d the vision and vision of the company. Speaker 1: the founders, their photos, their images, even this communicator lot. Speaker 1: I was reading about Steve Jobs and Steve Jobs used to communicate through storytelling. Speaker 1: So he used to build stories and narrate stories and then used to convince people and this is how he used to speak. Speaker 1: Yeah, so that was his way of engagement. Speaker 1: Vinit Naya, I must tell you that at CL had a CEO long back and his name was Vinit Naya. Speaker 1: He said, employees first customer second, even this is a communication. Speaker 1: Now, this is what Abhishek was talking about that when you talk about internal communication, you say employees first customer second.
hat Abhishek was talking about that when you talk about internal communication, you say employees first customer second. Speaker 1: Normally, not anybody would say that customers are second and employees are first. Speaker 1: But this man who took the courage and he says employees first and customer second. Speaker 1: So he has obtained the pyramid. Speaker 1: I've turned up for them. Speaker 1: Even that is a corporate communication which comes from the CSU employees. Speaker 1: When I say CSU employees, these are all top level employees of CO level, CMD level and board member level. Speaker 1: So these are all CSU employees. Speaker 1: Yes, come on. Speaker 1: What are the other forums, other than social media, other than YouTube, other than LinkedIn?
1: Yes, come on. Speaker 1: What are the other forums, other than social media, other than YouTube, other than LinkedIn? Speaker 1: How does a company communicate? Speaker 1: Two people. Speaker 1: Very good. Speaker 1: Anything else? Speaker 1: In fact, we are talking about communication. Speaker 1: Yeah, yeah, go ahead. Speaker 1: Go ahead. Speaker 1: See, most of them have switch up the video now. Speaker 1: You don't follow the rules of the game here. Speaker 1: At least for one day. Speaker 1: You remember throughout the year, last year, nobody must have switched on their camera. Speaker 1: Everybody was listening all India radio. Speaker 1: Yeah. Speaker 1: At least for one day, I'm not telling you every now and then.
was listening all India radio. Speaker 1: Yeah. Speaker 1: At least for one day, I'm not telling you every now and then. Speaker 1: This is the first day that we are doing a group discussion to give your spirit side and to give you a classroom feeling. Speaker 1: So I want everybody to switch on the camera. Speaker 1: At least for one day, I will not be telling you to do this for every day. Speaker 1: Please understand, this is a very important discussion that we're having. Speaker 1: And this will help you to keep you in high spirits. Speaker 1: And the purpose is also to communicate that we as teachers, though we are situated in a home, but we are very serious about the academics that we're doing in class. Speaker 1: So that is very, very important guys. Speaker 1: Come on, come on.
t the academics that we're doing in class. Speaker 1: So that is very, very important guys. Speaker 1: Come on, come on. Speaker 1: Over to you. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: How does a corporate Rohit Patel thank you Abhishek? Speaker 1: Earlier you were switched on. Speaker 1: Now you switched off. Speaker 1: Why? Speaker 1: Why is it so Abhishek? Speaker 1: You don't like us or what? Speaker 1: You don't want to see our faces? Speaker 1: Come on. Speaker 1: There was a bit of bandwidth issue. Speaker 1: It's sorted now. Speaker 1: OK, OK. Speaker 1: What about other guys? Speaker 1: OK. Speaker 1: Shruti Shah. Speaker 1: Let her out. Speaker 1: Shruti Shah, come on. Speaker 1: A few points from your sex. Speaker 1: Shruti Shah, over to you. Speaker 1: Come on, Shruti.
i Shah, come on. Speaker 1: A few points from your sex. Speaker 1: Shruti Shah, over to you. Speaker 1: Come on, Shruti. Speaker 1: So I think email is the main. Speaker 1: Right now besides social media, we get so many emails from companies. Speaker 1: If you go to the website, there is a pop-up to give your email and they give us update about the company. Speaker 1: Okay, so two emails companies communicate. Speaker 1: What do you think? Speaker 1: See, as far as sending of emails to people within the organization is concerned, email has a very good impact. Speaker 1: But do you think sending emails to general public will it have an impact? Speaker 1: How many of you read what you call as some sort of a mail that you don't know from where it has come or do you?
eaker 1: How many of you read what you call as some sort of a mail that you don't know from where it has come or do you? Speaker 1: Even bother to look at it, if the males are lengthy long, I get a lot of spam males and sometimes I just put it in spam. Speaker 1: Okay. Speaker 1: So, but how many of you read those emails? Speaker 1: Emails are very effective when you are communicating to people within the organization. Speaker 1: But people, let's say for advertisement purpose, if you're sending emails then that is not that effective. Speaker 1: This is what a lot of digital marketing people and digital marketing guys, they say. Speaker 1: Okay, let me ask you a question. Speaker 1: So that you can answer.
ple and digital marketing guys, they say. Speaker 1: Okay, let me ask you a question. Speaker 1: So that you can answer. Speaker 1: Let's say if you want to buy something or if you want some information about some company or some brand, what is that? Speaker 1: What is that? Speaker 1: finding about them. Speaker 1: You do some research about it. Speaker 1: And this R&D happens to Google. Speaker 1: So we all are used to Google. Speaker 1: We all have smart tools. Speaker 1: So whenever we want some piece of information, we just Google it out. Speaker 1: Let's say you want to buy a cell phone. Speaker 1: A nice cell phone. Speaker 1: So you just Google it out. Speaker 1: You go to some e-commerce website and you do a comparison.
cell phone. Speaker 1: So you just Google it out. Speaker 1: You go to some e-commerce website and you do a comparison. Speaker 1: And you find out that which one is the better and giving you a price range and all those features that you're looking for. Speaker 1: You're getting it. Speaker 1: So you just Google it out and you find it for one. Speaker 1: So these days like most of the companies are into digital marketing. Speaker 1: They have set up a very fine footprint on digital media. Speaker 1: So, digital media is a powerful medium where companies are communicating. Speaker 1: And somebody was talking about brand building, I think Bakhti or somebody else was talking about brand building.
aker 1: And somebody was talking about brand building, I think Bakhti or somebody else was talking about brand building. Speaker 1: So, they have understood the power of social media, digital media, and they're making their presence right. Speaker 1: Take example of all political parties, not political parties. Speaker 1: Everybody have a YouTube channel. Speaker 1: Everybody have a social media page because this is how they are communicating with the general public. Speaker 1: And they are getting votes and they're coming to power. Speaker 1: Yeah, this is an interesting aspect. Speaker 1: Okay, anybody, anything else that you think of, how does a company communicate?
his is an interesting aspect. Speaker 1: Okay, anybody, anything else that you think of, how does a company communicate? Speaker 1: We were talking about corporate logos, if you remember, there are corporate logos, corporate fonts, digital signatures, even a visiting card, it tells a lot. Speaker 1: Yes, I was telling you visiting card. Speaker 1: There are so many things that company makes it very unique to itself, unique to itself. Speaker 1: And this is how they engage. Speaker 1: So there are so many forms. Speaker 1: I'm just reflecting few of the very nurse which I could remember, but there are so many forms of work.
forms. Speaker 1: I'm just reflecting few of the very nurse which I could remember, but there are so many forms of work. Speaker 1: Even the advertisement and the put on television, when the air is over, even with the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of
the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of the life of Speaker 1: their company is speaking is communicating and it is leaving its what to call as footprints into your psyche that you remember this okay so these are the ways by which companies even jungle helps to do that even even jungle can you elaborate more please elaborate it for the whole class and for myself hello Speaker 1: She's talking about the advertisement jingles, like the songs they use in the advertisement also conveys a lot about the company. Speaker 1: It does it does it does. Speaker 1: I'm happy that she brought this forward. Speaker 1: Come on, speak up. Speaker 1: Sometimes you may be knowing, some points we would be knowing.
ht this forward. Speaker 1: Come on, speak up. Speaker 1: Sometimes you may be knowing, some points we would be knowing. Speaker 1: And together, everything comes in class. Speaker 1: A better learning will happen. Speaker 1: Okay, so now let me ask you a few more questions and I think we have only five minutes more and we'll not take too much of your time because this is the 11 o'clock lecture and most of you may not have your breakfast also or I'm standing between you and your lunch. Speaker 1: So tell me, I've shared some piece of notes with you. Speaker 1: How many of you have gone through those notes and seen it at least? Speaker 1: There's so many points which I've covered that should there be a screen? Speaker 1: Screen has seen those points.
ker 1: There's so many points which I've covered that should there be a screen? Speaker 1: Screen has seen those points. Speaker 1: But what strategy should company build to communicate? Speaker 1: Abhishek, you want to contact with something you have in your hand? Speaker 1: I was just asking about why I went to the notes, so I was just responding to it. Speaker 1: Thank you, Amish. Speaker 1: Sir. Speaker 1: Yes, it's quite good. Speaker 1: Yes, sir. Speaker 1: Do you want to speak? Speaker 1: Sir, regarding this strategy, there is this defining what is the goal of your organization for the corporate communication. Speaker 1: That was one of the points. Speaker 1: Okay. Speaker 1: Very good.
anization for the corporate communication. Speaker 1: That was one of the points. Speaker 1: Okay. Speaker 1: Very good. Speaker 1: If we analyze the current situation and we get to know what are the problems over there, then we'll focus on those first. Speaker 1: And then if there are no problems which are being found, then we'll directly like a plan something for within a year or that goal or strategy so that we can implement that. Speaker 1: OK, so you need to have a corporate strategy. Speaker 1: You need to have your PR and your other ways of reaching out to people through powerful communication that is important. Speaker 1: Even the annual reports of the company. Speaker 1: You see every company comes out with an annual report. Speaker 1: So you see a lot of distributions.
company. Speaker 1: You see every company comes out with an annual report. Speaker 1: So you see a lot of distributions. Speaker 1: And these annual reports of other serves as a legal document because whatever company writes, if it has legal ramifications. Speaker 1: If it's a very important document by company, Speaker 1: It talks a lot about itself. Speaker 1: Even websites, I did mention about website, but website is a powerful medium where people go and get all the piece of information about the company on the website. Speaker 1: Yes, okay. Speaker 1: Roy Patte, you want to compliment my friend? Speaker 1: You haven't spoken yet, Roy. Speaker 1: You look very good in this cabinet. Speaker 1: Thank you sir.
friend? Speaker 1: You haven't spoken yet, Roy. Speaker 1: You look very good in this cabinet. Speaker 1: Thank you sir. Speaker 1: Sir, I think there are also very indirect ways that the company can communicate with the Speaker 1: with the people out there. Speaker 1: So sir, I don't know if many people know this or not, but not only websites, but there are also a few websites that shows or that communicates what the other companies want to say or what they are doing. Speaker 1: Sir, like we have that crystal rating, Icarating, if you know, right? Speaker 1: Yeah, so these are also the ways like, they also help to push what the corporate wants to communicate and all that. Speaker 1: Okay, so you mean to say, Crystal, Iqraq, they are talking about.
orporate wants to communicate and all that. Speaker 1: Okay, so you mean to say, Crystal, Iqraq, they are talking about. Speaker 1: That is an interesting aspect where these creative trading agencies, they give their rankings and on their website, they talk about some other company, but that is more of the business or that is the service that they like. Speaker 1: But they also somehow, changes are mindset about that particular company because they also, you know, Speaker 1: I don't know how, but what our views may change of what they are saying because they have their own credibility out there.
don't know how, but what our views may change of what they are saying because they have their own credibility out there. Speaker 1: And if they say anything about H.U.S, then maybe I will think that if trust Crystal, then maybe there might be a point of question like, okay, maybe H.U.S is doing something wrong, something like that. Speaker 1: That is some sort of an endorsement, endorsement by one form of another form. Speaker 1: And that is how it works. Speaker 1: This credit-pitting agencies, they had a very bad name post this 2008 subprime crisis. Speaker 1: In fact, this boiled-in number, most of the credit-pitting agencies, like people started doubting the Speaker 1: Ranking is the issue in it. Speaker 1: Despite giving favorable ranking companies are getting bankrupt.
g the Speaker 1: Ranking is the issue in it. Speaker 1: Despite giving favorable ranking companies are getting bankrupt. Speaker 1: So people are questioning that what have you ranked and what have you judged? Speaker 1: What have you seen? Speaker 1: So yeah, I agree. Speaker 1: Everything works on endorsements. Speaker 1: Everything works on endorsements. Speaker 1: Last, anybody. Speaker 1: Siddharth, switch on your camera. Speaker 1: Siddharth, can you switch on your camera because this is the final comment and it will get forwarded. Speaker 1: Siddharth, switch. Speaker 1: Okay, Siddharth.
a because this is the final comment and it will get forwarded. Speaker 1: Siddharth, switch. Speaker 1: Okay, Siddharth. Speaker 1: Yes sir, it takes place to media and public relations also corporate communications and this refers to the way in which a company or organization communicates with general public including the media by organizing organizing Speaker 1: news conferences, then it's also contributed by writing and distributing press, monitored the news for mentions of the organizations and so on, the devising a plan to address unfavourable press coverage. Speaker 1: So in this, it takes place. Speaker 1: Okay, so thank you so much for this comment and Speaker 1: The question is over, first of all, let me thank each one of you.
, so thank you so much for this comment and Speaker 1: The question is over, first of all, let me thank each one of you. Speaker 1: We started with 18 people now, 16 are there. Speaker 1: And only seven or eight people, I think 10 people have switched on the camera. Speaker 1: So I will be, as I said, I've recorded it. Speaker 1: I recorded it. Speaker 1: I will be uploading on YouTube for your future efforts. Speaker 1: You can go and see. Speaker 1: I'll share it with the group also. Speaker 1: Microsoft in groups. Speaker 1: So thank you so much for. Speaker 1: or this lively kind of a discussion where everybody most of you share your perspectives.
ank you so much for. Speaker 1: or this lively kind of a discussion where everybody most of you share your perspectives. Speaker 1: I'm grateful to you and be motivated even if you are pigeonholed in a house that doesn't mean that you will not use best to academics as such kind of discussion as I said that I will keep my class lively and eventful but I want your participation if you are not participating you guys Speaker 1: I cannot give my best. Speaker 1: I want equal enthusiasm from your side. Speaker 1: If you are enthusiastic, I will put W in this aspect. Speaker 1: So it happens a two-way route, not one-way route, it's not a one-way traffic, it's a two-way traffic. Speaker 1: So thank you so much, guys. Speaker 1: It was nice talking to you.
a one-way traffic, it's a two-way traffic. Speaker 1: So thank you so much, guys. Speaker 1: It was nice talking to you. Speaker 1: I've recorded it and I said this is some sort of a competition between AV and C. Speaker 1: compare it but I said no like let us as far as our class are concerned we should be robust and we should speak nicely so thank you so much thank you so much I'm you you can exit you can exit bye bye thanks
