Speaker 1: okay okay then yes so then second one is coming for you will come for the prints and etc first sign second one cable sizing LV cable sizing document I mean Speaker 1: All the upgradation of, you know, HVCable CC document, maybe after this meeting, we'll be submitting it as discussed. Speaker 1: It is finalized and we have made the complete report. Speaker 1: We'll be sharing it. Speaker 1: That's the second update. Speaker 1: cable sizing part as you told on that day. Speaker 1: Then third update, we have submitted HUAC documents for B16, but that's the one we have submitted. Speaker 1: Fourth one, for the pressurization room, I think we have requested a few other inputs, civil architectural details.
r 1: Fourth one, for the pressurization room, I think we have requested a few other inputs, civil architectural details. Speaker 1: That is from our side we have requested to the HAC team they are expecting that I am trying to arrange a meeting with you directly like on the day how we met so that they can understand better. Speaker 1: So that also I am working on that is a fourth update then for the Speaker 1: Switch gear part I am chasing for the engineering documents So I tried calling Vijayanand many times, but I couldn't connect Sanjayi Electricals finally, they have responded today that They are going to submit it. Speaker 1: So that is one part then for Speaker 1: ngr also i am chasing them the update is they have raised proforma invoice but
: So that is one part then for Speaker 1: ngr also i am chasing them the update is they have raised proforma invoice but Speaker 1: After that, I couldn't hear anything from them. Speaker 1: I tried calling many times, but I couldn't get, but anyway, I will send one more email from our site. Speaker 1: And maybe with the Bosker Associates, maybe they are in touch, but that update is not coming to me. Speaker 1: Maybe you might have received it because initial email conversations was not copied to us. Speaker 1: Maybe there could be some update from your site as well. Speaker 1: So that is the update from my side. Speaker 1: For transformer fat we are going as per the schedule. Speaker 1: That is one update from Snyder Swapna. Speaker 1: She has confirmed by email as well.
ng as per the schedule. Speaker 1: That is one update from Snyder Swapna. Speaker 1: She has confirmed by email as well. Speaker 1: That is one thing. Speaker 1: Can you repeat answer again? Speaker 1: Which one regarding that NGR? Speaker 1: update was not available. Speaker 1: Which means like Mr. Ranjith told me that in the initial conversation there was some Bhaskar associates and maybe SNF also dismarked. Speaker 1: Sir in that you were not copied so on that day he has told this is the update, but I understand no problem.
. Speaker 1: Sir in that you were not copied so on that day he has told this is the update, but I understand no problem. Speaker 1: you please go ahead going forward you keep us in CC so that we will also come to know but please proceed and give us the complete plan when you are going to deliver that is what I have informed to him that's that's that's what the conversation happened but I tried calling him but he is not picking up so this is the status Mangupati Speaker 1: Maybe the machine was not available initially. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: That's okay. Speaker 1: That's okay. Speaker 1: Yeah. Speaker 1: But we need to follow up with them. Speaker 1: Yeah. Speaker 1: Yeah. Speaker 1: Definitely. Speaker 1: I am in touch with them.
eed to follow up with them. Speaker 1: Yeah. Speaker 1: Yeah. Speaker 1: Definitely. Speaker 1: I am in touch with them. Speaker 1: Yeah. Speaker 1: We are the people who has chosen the product. Speaker 1: So and the product was well known like that it was informed. Speaker 1: So we need to follow up. Speaker 1: Bhaskara is also available in the conversation. Speaker 1: It doesn't mean that Bhaskara is only the final other. Speaker 1: Delivery of the time has to be scheduled by the national switchgear and it has to be kept copy to you, me and Bhaskara. Speaker 1: Definitely, definitely. Speaker 1: I will also insist the same one to them as well. Speaker 1: Well noted. Speaker 1: He has to write his mobile number, it will be very helpful. Speaker 1: So, we can also contact him.
ll noted. Speaker 1: He has to write his mobile number, it will be very helpful. Speaker 1: So, we can also contact him. Speaker 1: Yes, I will also ask them clearly that whom to contact communication matrix, we will ask them clearly so that it is easy for them to quickly connect with them. Speaker 1: Yeah, definitely I will do that. Speaker 1: I will also ask them to put it in an email address as well. Speaker 1: Well noted, Mukthi. Speaker 1: Thank you. Speaker 1: Yes, that is one update and based on our last site visit from our site, we have updated the B16 lighting layout that also will be issuing from our site. Speaker 1: So yes, today those things will happen. Speaker 1: What we can expect with the lighting layout?
rom our site. Speaker 1: So yes, today those things will happen. Speaker 1: What we can expect with the lighting layout? Speaker 1: Lighting layout and the single line diagram, sorry single line diagram already given. Speaker 1: So, there was some spacing and the layout adjustment it was done and cable sizing calculations that we will be sharing it based on the latest one up to LV cable sizing it is there that you will be getting it. Speaker 1: These two after that? Speaker 1: and the rest of the one more item is left out LPS lightning protection system that it is in still reviewing stage only maybe I will try to connect with Vijay Vijay also finally he said he will also request his engineering team
g stage only maybe I will try to connect with Vijay Vijay also finally he said he will also request his engineering team Speaker 1: So that we both will meet at the time we will also invite you guys so that that also will be sorted out. Speaker 1: But he said he will check with their engineering team, design team. Speaker 1: He will also connect based on that we will coordinate and we will close that part. Speaker 1: So Lightning products system that's update. Speaker 1: My communication apps he has called and today he has called and asked any update or like that. Speaker 1: So check with them. Speaker 1: I told very clearly you have to confirm with the Speaker 1: our consultant to freeze the entire system. Speaker 1: So, I will follow up with him to conclude it please.
e Speaker 1: our consultant to freeze the entire system. Speaker 1: So, I will follow up with him to conclude it please. Speaker 1: Definitely, definitely. Speaker 1: Yeah, I am trying to close it. Speaker 1: Maybe tomorrow I will schedule based on their availability that also we will try to close it. Speaker 1: Our priority is the history panel because we went with the Speaker 1: technical services and we are continuously calling them also, but we are not getting any proper information. Speaker 1: Finally, without those things we cannot work the plant. Speaker 1: So, we will talk to them from our side. Speaker 1: We will push them and we will follow it up. Speaker 1: We will get it to Mangupati. Speaker 1: Definitely, very soon they will submit the documents.
l follow it up. Speaker 1: We will get it to Mangupati. Speaker 1: Definitely, very soon they will submit the documents. Speaker 1: That's what my expectation. Speaker 1: We will closely, very closely, we will follow it up. Speaker 1: We will try to close this. Speaker 1: Yeah. Speaker 1: Now, little bit it is on our control. Speaker 1: We will try to close it. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Definitely, we will give output on that. Speaker 1: Yeah, this is the update I mean from our side and maybe this is accelerating for CEIG so that hopefully things will be clear because when they give any comments or something we have to be ready to quickly update and comply government requirements for that also we are getting ready for that as well.
ve to be ready to quickly update and comply government requirements for that also we are getting ready for that as well. Speaker 1: So this is the status Krigari and Mangapati as on date. Speaker 1: Yes, maybe... Sorry Gekuma, it was debriefing with Nicolas also to explain him all the details. Speaker 1: Okay. Speaker 1: So... Speaker 1: Going forward, maybe since many are there, but to avoid that schedule mismatch and etc. Speaker 1: We will keep one checklist kind of in the meeting itself, Krikari and with that we will discuss it and the commitments and everything we will try to adopt it. Speaker 1: Yeah, so that also we will update it properly because many are there. Speaker 1: So, I do not want to make it these things. Speaker 1: I mean, let us strictly follow it.
ause many are there. Speaker 1: So, I do not want to make it these things. Speaker 1: I mean, let us strictly follow it. Speaker 1: That is what you are expecting in the last week itself. Speaker 1: So, we will keep MIM and in that all the MIM we will discuss with that and any points or open points we will close it. Speaker 1: Any challenges are there we will let you know and we will try to complete the tasks whatever assigned from your side. Speaker 1: Okay. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Thank you. Speaker 1: Concerning the last documents submitted, can we have a quick review? Speaker 1: Which one, Gregory? Speaker 1: B16, B14, the cable tray, the last routing that was given. Speaker 1: I think it could be good to have a last look and check if we have any comments or not.
outing that was given. Speaker 1: I think it could be good to have a last look and check if we have any comments or not. Speaker 1: B16, anything you wanted to add in that? Speaker 1: B16 now, you wanted to open that? Speaker 1: Yes, I think it has been updated recently. Speaker 1: Yeah. Speaker 1: So maybe we have a new last check on the updated points and check if we have any other comments or if all the comments given has been taken into account. Speaker 1: And concerning the openings outside, then I also wanted to ask if it has been checked on site according to what is already installed.
g the openings outside, then I also wanted to ask if it has been checked on site according to what is already installed. Speaker 1: Hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm
hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm Speaker 1: Once again, the... Yes, but if you can open it also for my colleague Nicola to know the subject as well. Speaker 1: Maybe there will be no subject if we have no more comments. Speaker 1: But if we still have, it will be good to make this follow-up. Speaker 1: Yes, yes, yes, yes. Speaker 1: One second, I'm opening it. Speaker 1: Just hold on, please. Speaker 1: I'm opening it, yeah. Speaker 1: Monisa, could you please open this? Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yeah, please share the screen. Speaker 1: Yeah. Speaker 1: Yes, I agree. Speaker 1: OK. Speaker 1: Can you zoom a little bit more so we will see? Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yes.
: Yes, I agree. Speaker 1: OK. Speaker 1: Can you zoom a little bit more so we will see? Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Monice, try to show that how we have done. Speaker 1: And yeah, go ahead, please. Speaker 1: Yes, Krigari. Speaker 1: We have adjusted this one. Speaker 1: OK. Speaker 1: Zoom it. Speaker 1: Monisa, just zoom it. Speaker 1: So please follow Krigari if he says, and we'll try to explain him. Speaker 1: OK. Speaker 1: Here we can see the openings from the wall opening going to substation. Speaker 1: We can see you have adjusted and marked some distance with the LVS-B to the wall. Speaker 1: 250 and what is remaining from between the panel and the beam, the civil beam. Speaker 1: For example, we can see from the cable tray to the beam, we have 250 from the
l and the beam, the civil beam. Speaker 1: For example, we can see from the cable tray to the beam, we have 250 from the Speaker 1: And then to the wall, we have one meter. Speaker 1: And we have some vertical area. Speaker 1: You see just where you were? Speaker 1: Yeah, Monissa, you better open the auto gate so that we can measure and show him. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: My worry is more about between the vertical cable tray and the LDSB panel. Speaker 1: Is it possible for a human to walk in between or is it too short? Speaker 1: Yeah, I got it. Speaker 1: Minimum 600 is required. Speaker 1: Let's see that now. Speaker 1: One is that wherever that vertical riser that we have shown,
600 is required. Speaker 1: Let's see that now. Speaker 1: One is that wherever that vertical riser that we have shown, Speaker 1: you go to that place vertical tracer you saw that no you go to that place okay and that two vertical trace that you have shown no Monisa yes this one yeah can you minimize where is the panel Speaker 1: LVSP panel where it is yeah you come little bit down this side once again yeah that you know that edge itself you see it there that actually what is his expectation is there are two vertical trays no on the top of it yes and there will be a edge there is a future space no assume that there is a panel whether we can walk in that area or not that is what his question. Speaker 1: Just to check the dimensions and ensure that from the wall, 50.
n that area or not that is what his question. Speaker 1: Just to check the dimensions and ensure that from the wall, 50. Speaker 1: The question will be between the panel and the vertical cable 3, and also between the panel and the beam. Speaker 1: Yes, yes, yes. Speaker 1: From the panel H to the cable tray top. Speaker 1: I mean, vertical cable trays, you know, that top. Speaker 1: OK, OK. Speaker 1: Yes, yes, yes. Speaker 1: Not that one, Monisa. Speaker 1: That will be closed, OK? Speaker 1: the you see the edge of the cable tray that is a cut out floor cut out they will seal it. Speaker 1: This area. Speaker 1: Not this one that cable tray top no that one you select that one edge you selected. Speaker 1: Yeah. Speaker 1: Cable tray bottom is there no that top one is on.
one you select that one edge you selected. Speaker 1: Yeah. Speaker 1: Cable tray bottom is there no that top one is on. Speaker 1: Actually, the vertical one, the more restricted, the closer vertical cable tray from the panel. Speaker 1: Yes, and the panel. Speaker 1: We have 600. Speaker 1: Almost 600. Speaker 1: Okay, I see. Speaker 1: And between the colon and the panel? Speaker 1: Yeah, Monissa, calm down. Speaker 1: Calm down, Monissa. Speaker 1: The column edge is there, no? Speaker 1: From there to panel, you see. Speaker 1: Yeah, from there to panel, yes. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: No, properly you make it. Speaker 1: Yes, this is the one. Speaker 1: Do we have two sides? Speaker 1: Is this the side where you manipulate the players? Speaker 1: That's a good question.
: Do we have two sides? Speaker 1: Is this the side where you manipulate the players? Speaker 1: That's a good question. Speaker 1: I don't think so, we only have one side. Speaker 1: It's the side of the bar game. Speaker 1: Yes, well, the bar game at the back. Speaker 1: But we'll still have to open it sometimes to make a cable go in, but we're like that. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: So we'll be screwed. Speaker 1: And when it's on a trench, it's on what? Speaker 1: The TGPT? Speaker 1: What is the dimension we have on the other side between the front of the panel and the other panel, completely at the right? Speaker 1: Yeah, minimise one is that. Speaker 1: I mean in front of the MCC to LBSP. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: A lot of space is triggering.
ise one is that. Speaker 1: I mean in front of the MCC to LBSP. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: A lot of space is triggering. Speaker 1: We can keep even one row in between. Speaker 1: Because in terms of space for MCC extension, if we unzoom, what we have, because here we have the space for making another panel in the middle. Speaker 1: but then it will be restricting the LBSB operation. Speaker 1: Once again, Gregory, could you please repeat? Speaker 1: I mean, between the LBSB panel and the MCC, there is almost the space to install some other panel. Speaker 1: If we do that, it will restrict a lot the remaining space. Speaker 1: But on the back of the FBSB, I think we are too tight. Speaker 1: We are too near the beams and we are too near the cable track.
he back of the FBSB, I think we are too tight. Speaker 1: We are too near the beams and we are too near the cable track. Speaker 1: Can you unzoom to see the general occupation of the room? Speaker 1: Yeah. Speaker 1: Moniz, just zoom out so that the entire room, let them see it. Speaker 1: You see, we have a nice space in the middle. Speaker 1: However, there are two MCC that are drawn. Speaker 1: So there, clearly, in MCC, we barely have one, we don't have these two. Speaker 1: What is the right side? Speaker 1: On the right, it's the super state, with the MCC, which is also parallel to the two on the right. Speaker 1: The panel number 20 and 21, they are MCC, correct? Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Can I just ask you, Gregor, can you hear me? Speaker 1: Yes, yes.
21, they are MCC, correct? Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Can I just ask you, Gregor, can you hear me? Speaker 1: Yes, yes. Speaker 1: We already showed you some drawing for GA, for the panel. Speaker 1: So I asked your team to incorporate in this and show you and understand what we are trying to explain. Speaker 1: The recent reply which I have given already for the B14, having the same considerations of the restriction what we are having in B14, Speaker 1: If you read those points, you will understand what we are asking in V6. Speaker 1: What we are going to ask you once again, I have just taken the screen of yours. Speaker 1: Please hold for a while. Speaker 1: I just want to show you what Speaker 1: We were discussing that. Speaker 1: Please be on it.
old for a while. Speaker 1: I just want to show you what Speaker 1: We were discussing that. Speaker 1: Please be on it. Speaker 1: We have shared you this drawing. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: You have a bottom view of this one. Speaker 1: Please collect this one and keep it in the drawing what you are showing and from there you will understand what difficulties you will have. Speaker 1: You were thinking that facing the panel towards north side is good enough. Speaker 1: But what we are expecting is to keep the panel towards panel facing, front facing towards south side. Speaker 1: So, the beam and the wall which have been obstructing initially, we have clearance as a normal clearance.
de. Speaker 1: So, the beam and the wall which have been obstructing initially, we have clearance as a normal clearance. Speaker 1: And behind the panel, we will have less clearance because behind the panel, we will have maintenance activity. Speaker 1: So when we keep the new MCC room, it will be a new MCC panel. Speaker 1: Inside the middle of the area, it will be easy for us to have less space between the two panels. Speaker 1: So the maintenance guy can replace the same space. Speaker 1: And the front of the panel will have more space. Speaker 1: This is what they are trying to explain to you. Speaker 1: If I am correct, I am not drawing the tangent vector. Speaker 1: And that was exactly the point. Speaker 1: But also, previously, we asked to see those dimensions.
nt vector. Speaker 1: And that was exactly the point. Speaker 1: But also, previously, we asked to see those dimensions. Speaker 1: So we need to have the dimension written, especially on this restriction area. Speaker 1: You need to mark it and to make it visible for good. Speaker 1: Other points, we need to start with 900 minimum. Speaker 1: as a clearance between on the restricted area. Speaker 1: Because those cable trays, they will be, after some time, they will be full of cable. Speaker 1: And then we will not even have the 900 root initially draw. Speaker 1: If we go below that, it's very risky. Speaker 1: Yeah, Monica, just calm down. Speaker 1: Come back. Speaker 1: Monisha, scroll down, yes. Speaker 1: Yes, you are talking about this one, Grigory?
wn. Speaker 1: Come back. Speaker 1: Monisha, scroll down, yes. Speaker 1: Yes, you are talking about this one, Grigory? Speaker 1: The dimension we saw earlier between the cable tray and the LVSB panel. Speaker 1: The first point of Mangapati is make sure that this is the exact dimension of the panel which has been transferred to you. Speaker 1: Because on the B14, Mangapati checked and it's not the correct size of panel. Speaker 1: It is the copy and paste from the B16 dimension. Speaker 1: So we need the real one. Speaker 1: And we need you to check after the draft is done if it's the correct panel, which has been drawn in the correct place. Speaker 1: And then on the restricted dimension area, like the 800
ect panel, which has been drawn in the correct place. Speaker 1: And then on the restricted dimension area, like the 800 Speaker 1: Between the LBSP panel and the beam, 800 is not enough on the initial design. Speaker 1: We need bigger. Speaker 1: We need at least to have the 900. Speaker 1: And between the edge of the cable tree and the edge of the panel, we need also another 900. Speaker 1: So we need to readjust all that with those dimensions. Speaker 1: Otherwise, when it will be full of cable, it will be impossible to manage. Speaker 1: Okay that means as a worst case you need a clearance from the vertical cable trays you know from that top of that cable tray to the panel edge you need a minimum 900. Speaker 1: So that will be the stringent area correct no.
p of that cable tray to the panel edge you need a minimum 900. Speaker 1: So that will be the stringent area correct no. Speaker 1: Yes, except if you design the cable tree differently and make them... Because it's in 3D, in fact. Speaker 1: The point you cannot move is the location of the opening. Speaker 1: After the opening, the cable tree can turn. Speaker 1: You can make 45 degrees bending on the top one and make it going aside. Speaker 1: That is possible, Gregory. Speaker 1: That is possible. Speaker 1: But when we check the front of the panel, why do we need to have the 3680 mm? Speaker 1: Yes, Gregory, the idea is earlier how we approached it from the edge of the panel, like the minimum clearance is one meter, then
gory, the idea is earlier how we approached it from the edge of the panel, like the minimum clearance is one meter, then Speaker 1: Later you know we wanted to utilize it in arrange best way and later in the future if you have anything we can keep it in the mid. Speaker 1: If 3380 is not intended ideally from the edge of the from the wall to based on the clearances we were located actually so that Speaker 1: in the nearby wall we are utilizing the space so that in between if any panel comes we can easily accommodate. Speaker 1: Idea is like that only considering the future and etc but if clearance is not there then we will push it you know on the east side crickery. Speaker 1: Yes that's exactly the point you have the 800 is too small it's not your one meter clearance
t side crickery. Speaker 1: Yes that's exactly the point you have the 800 is too small it's not your one meter clearance Speaker 1: So you need to move this one to make it one meter. Speaker 1: So this 3,600 became 3,400. Speaker 1: And on the other side of the MCC, don't you have the same problem between the MCC and the beam? Speaker 1: Monisha checked the distance from the edge of this thing. Speaker 1: No, from the beam. Speaker 1: That clearance, yes. Speaker 1: Yeah, 200 meters. Speaker 1: So same. Speaker 1: So then the 3,400 can become 3,200. Speaker 1: If you have a panel, usually it is one meter large. Speaker 1: So between those panels on the three meter plus, we can have one line of panel on the middle. Speaker 1: It's not easy. Speaker 1: It is the last chance space to use.
s, we can have one line of panel on the middle. Speaker 1: It's not easy. Speaker 1: It is the last chance space to use. Speaker 1: But according to what we can see, if we draw some panel on the middle, it can fit. Speaker 1: It's not perfect. Speaker 1: It's not having a lot of space, but it could fit. Speaker 1: So we better don't restrict, don't stay too close to the wall or the beam since the beginning, otherwise it will be unmanageable after. Speaker 1: Definitely, definitely. Speaker 1: That means 592 is there at the moment. Speaker 1: That means that is a 600. Speaker 1: Again 400 you have to push this side here 200. Speaker 1: That means yes 3000 will be there. Speaker 1: That means I'm in the left side forwarded. Speaker 1: I'm pushing it.
r 1: That means yes 3000 will be there. Speaker 1: That means I'm in the left side forwarded. Speaker 1: I'm pushing it. Speaker 1: I mean LVSP towards east side we are pushing 400 here MCC the entire stuff we are pushing 200 towards west side by 200. Speaker 1: So that means in between now we will have space approximately 3080. Speaker 1: Got it. Speaker 1: In this case, it's better to align it 3,000 and to adjust on the middle what we need. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: The general picture of all that needs to be checked and we need definitely to have all those dimensions shown on the restricting points. Speaker 1: After, for Remind, we expect our consultants to be checking all that before submitting the document. Speaker 1: So please, for next week, make the job.
r consultants to be checking all that before submitting the document. Speaker 1: So please, for next week, make the job. Speaker 1: As soon as the drawing is updated, Speaker 1: check them and you know exactly the exercise we want. Speaker 1: So please proceed. Speaker 1: We have the same questions or points to be checked on the B14, but I think it's not useful to open the drawing because we already know we don't have the good panel Speaker 1: the good panel dimension open. Speaker 1: And same, you can review the drawing before submission with the same ideas. Speaker 1: Got it, got it, got it, got it, yes. Speaker 1: Can you stay on this drawing and zoom and show where are located the cutouts? Speaker 1: going to process. Speaker 1: So here we will be on the floor side.
om and show where are located the cutouts? Speaker 1: going to process. Speaker 1: So here we will be on the floor side. Speaker 1: Yes, there is a space Gregory and if you look at the site photos now, once again we are trying once again I will show the photos as well. Speaker 1: This is where we were also trying to, but this by in the site we can align it once again I will show the photos. Speaker 1: This is the point we wanted to, one second. Speaker 1: What is the date that we have put it? Speaker 1: Side photo so that we can show him. Speaker 1: One second. Speaker 1: See, this is a cut, I mean, one second, one second. Speaker 1: Yes, we were okay. Speaker 1: See, there is a door, right? Speaker 1: After that, there is a space just below the beam.
Yes, we were okay. Speaker 1: See, there is a door, right? Speaker 1: After that, there is a space just below the beam. Speaker 1: So, that here, this is where we were telling that we can take a cable tray. Speaker 1: One second, I'm trying to... Yes, you can see that space here, right? Speaker 1: Can you see? Speaker 1: Okay, yes. Speaker 1: But stay on this picture and can you zoom a little bit more from this door? Speaker 1: The beams and then so on. Speaker 1: Because here it's very interesting. Speaker 1: You can see the two floor different elevation as well. Speaker 1: So we have the control room floor Speaker 1: on the left, and we have the instrumentation room floor, which is having a false floor on the right. Speaker 1: One second, one second. Speaker 1: I got your point.
room floor, which is having a false floor on the right. Speaker 1: One second, one second. Speaker 1: I got your point. Speaker 1: I got your point, Gregory. Speaker 1: Just give us what is it. Speaker 1: They are not on the ground, they are on the front of the room. Speaker 1: Well, there is... Yes, they talked about that. Speaker 1: Well, that... Well, they did some things that are not at all... They did a lot more over there. Speaker 1: But that's for sure, they haven't figured it out yet, even if we sent them... Speaker 1: So one second, one second. Speaker 1: So now that we have all the two floors in mind and the location of the step, we could check directly on the AutoCAD drawing where is located the cutouts.
loors in mind and the location of the step, we could check directly on the AutoCAD drawing where is located the cutouts. Speaker 1: So you are telling that from here to here that gap is difficult to come out, correct? Speaker 1: No, no, we need to see, but what is not clear for me is which elevation does cut out. Speaker 1: Yes, yes, yes, yes. Speaker 1: OK. Speaker 1: So maybe you have a view like a T8 or something like that. Speaker 1: Can you take it? Speaker 1: Yes, yes. Speaker 1: Moniz, now you go to your part, Moniz. Speaker 1: But we will zoom it, Moniz. Speaker 1: He made them in Smule. Speaker 1: He made them under the control room, yes. Speaker 1: No, in Smule. Speaker 1: And what do we have here? Speaker 1: I don't know if that's it.
e control room, yes. Speaker 1: No, in Smule. Speaker 1: And what do we have here? Speaker 1: I don't know if that's it. Speaker 1: Between the posts, I don't know if there is a menu that appears on the stage. Speaker 1: Well, no, not visibly on his computer, no. Speaker 1: They don't want to do anything with the 3D, with the stream or whatever. Speaker 1: Well, I don't know, I'm not against it. Speaker 1: So we can see that you have well integrated on this view the step. Speaker 1: And yes, there is also a cutout to have on the wall between the two elevations.
grated on this view the step. Speaker 1: And yes, there is also a cutout to have on the wall between the two elevations. Speaker 1: What we cannot see and that is more evident with the picture is that there is some beam for the mezzanine and there is some reactor after that which are installed and here on this drawing we cannot see if we are well aligned with the beam or if we are clashing with something. Speaker 1: got it got it I understood once again let me try to explain further maybe this picture will be more better can you see that this is where but what we wanted like see this beams below this only we wanted to take out the Speaker 1: that is the idea and between the reactors know there is a space that is where we wanted to take out.
out the Speaker 1: that is the idea and between the reactors know there is a space that is where we wanted to take out. Speaker 1: But since we have only these details right and we that is why we have approximately marked in those areas ideally one cut out is here another one is between the Speaker 1: reactors there will be a space right there by using the support we can go or we can take from this itself we can go that is because we have three plants right so somewhere we need to plan in between only or else we need to see the distance between the two and we can come out and then using the bend we have to come like this then we can go like this Speaker 1: Then here we can make one or two tires actually. Speaker 1: Something that we can plan.
n we can go like this Speaker 1: Then here we can make one or two tires actually. Speaker 1: Something that we can plan. Speaker 1: Actually it seems that yes we have enough space to do whatever is needed. Speaker 1: We apparently are not in clash but we don't see the building beams where they are on your drawing. Speaker 1: After the mezzanine is far enough to turn or go up or do whatever is required. Speaker 1: Okay, okay, we will just see, this is how we have planned. Speaker 1: See, this is the beam. Speaker 1: I mean, building slab, this is what we are seeing it. Speaker 1: So, we can make cut out in these areas. Speaker 1: So, then we can come out that is from the LBSP, we can in come inside process area like we will work it. Speaker 1: That is one part for the one second for
om the LBSP, we can in come inside process area like we will work it. Speaker 1: That is one part for the one second for Speaker 1: this one is there no lbsb i mean for the control room we can take it from here Speaker 1: For control room I do not know how they have constructed, but based on the levels if you look at this slab thickness is more that is what I see. Speaker 1: So, that is why we were having a space, but here we are able to see the space. Speaker 1: Yes, I think the beam on the side is bigger than what is it from the inside. Speaker 1: So I'm pretty sure you have enough space to make the cutouts. Speaker 1: But these other cutouts between below control room and on false floor, where we can see where is located these cutouts? Speaker 1: And how many cutouts do you need?
l room and on false floor, where we can see where is located these cutouts? Speaker 1: And how many cutouts do you need? Speaker 1: If you come back to the routing, to the AutoCAD for Monisha. Speaker 1: Yeah, Monisha, please go back to the AutoCAD, please. Speaker 1: How many cutouts do you need for instrumentation, Gregory? Speaker 1: For control cables, because there has to be some instruments. Speaker 1: For the last one. Speaker 1: The first phase? Speaker 1: Of the whole. Speaker 1: I think we need at least three of them. Speaker 1: Here we have two, but we gathered two large ones. Speaker 1: And we have another one over there. Speaker 1: In total we have three of them. Speaker 1: We have to count the emulsions behind too. Speaker 1: The emulsions, yes.
1: In total we have three of them. Speaker 1: We have to count the emulsions behind too. Speaker 1: The emulsions, yes. Speaker 1: We don't have much in emulsions. Speaker 1: I think we need a minimum of three cutouts, maybe more. Speaker 1: But that's a good question. Speaker 1: How many do we need? Speaker 1: Can you show here where is located the cutout? Speaker 1: No see in between that slab thickness we are coming this way and that tray will enter into LVSB and it will go but by looking at that this is not possible so we will rule out so instead. Speaker 1: No no I'm not sure I think it's possible. Speaker 1: See, this is the thickness, bottom of the slab. Speaker 1: This is the top of the slab. Speaker 1: Can you see the distance?
this is the thickness, bottom of the slab. Speaker 1: This is the top of the slab. Speaker 1: Can you see the distance? Speaker 1: Yes, but what you have is only the beam, the one which is inside the wall, which is that big. Speaker 1: We should check the beam structure, how is it made. Speaker 1: We can probably, without going straight beyond the floor inside the instrumentation room, cross going on the other side, take a little bit going down to get the few centimeters required, and then we make the turning going to the wall Speaker 1: and we are on the right elevation. Speaker 1: Once again, sorry that, see, certain things, no? Speaker 1: When we draw it, it will be clear for you and me also, okay? Speaker 1: Yeah, but straight after, you see the white beam? Speaker 1: Yes, yes.
ll be clear for you and me also, okay? Speaker 1: Yeah, but straight after, you see the white beam? Speaker 1: Yes, yes. Speaker 1: The white beam, after crossing this white beam, you can do adjustments on elevation? Speaker 1: When you are inside the LVSP, you can go down a little bit. Speaker 1: You make an angle, which means after the wall crossing, below the control room operator, in this length, you can go down. Speaker 1: I mean, here, you're telling her? Speaker 1: Just after crossing the wall, so yes. Speaker 1: Yes, that means... See, after the... See, this is the area. Speaker 1: I believe here there will be a big beam. Speaker 1: It is rising up. Speaker 1: Correct, no? Speaker 1: So, after that, we can make a cutout.
will be a big beam. Speaker 1: It is rising up. Speaker 1: Correct, no? Speaker 1: So, after that, we can make a cutout. Speaker 1: If you are able to use that space, then we can come out nicely. Speaker 1: We need to control onsite and towards civilian if we can have a disc cutout, yes. Speaker 1: And then after, for me, after making this portion that you are showing, before the elbow, we can stay not fully horizontal and get 10 cm lower or something like that. Speaker 1: Like that. Speaker 1: No, no, you keep exactly where you are positioned for the elbow. Speaker 1: This is just the straight portion between the elbow and the wall. Speaker 1: This one is supposed to be horizontal.
r 1: This is just the straight portion between the elbow and the wall. Speaker 1: This one is supposed to be horizontal. Speaker 1: If you are not fully horizontal and you are going lower, it will not make any impact on nothing and you will get a few centimeters lower as required. Speaker 1: The one you have selected, in fact, if it's not horizontal but having a percentage slope, then you will make it. Speaker 1: OK. Speaker 1: Here, you need some slope. Speaker 1: Then we can go out right from this side to this side, right? Speaker 1: That is possible. Speaker 1: That we can do. Speaker 1: I got it. Speaker 1: Because we need to coordinate this. Speaker 1: It's not classed with that. Speaker 1: Correct, no? Speaker 1: Somewhere we have to take out. Speaker 1: Correct, no?
1: It's not classed with that. Speaker 1: Correct, no? Speaker 1: Somewhere we have to take out. Speaker 1: Correct, no? Speaker 1: I understood. Speaker 1: I understood. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: So, we are coming like that, maybe we will make some slope something like that you are telling, right. Speaker 1: One second. Speaker 1: See, we are coming like that, then we are making a slope, then we will come, this is where we will come out. Speaker 1: Right? Speaker 1: Like that you are doing. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: After maybe you can put the slope on the longer portion. Speaker 1: But yes, basically this is what I mean. Speaker 1: Like this, right? Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yeah. Speaker 1: Got it. Speaker 1: Got it. Speaker 1: Got it. Speaker 1: Yes, we can do it.
Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yeah. Speaker 1: Got it. Speaker 1: Got it. Speaker 1: Got it. Speaker 1: Yes, we can do it. Speaker 1: That is OK. Speaker 1: This we can show that slope details and et cetera. Speaker 1: Then this is where the cable tree enter and it comes like that. Speaker 1: It comes like that. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Got it. Speaker 1: Got it. Speaker 1: Got it. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Clear. Speaker 1: Sometimes, when we see it visually, then it stays with them. Speaker 1: Yeah. Speaker 1: Fine. Speaker 1: I got it. Speaker 1: Because I'm able to visualize. Speaker 1: Now I can guide my team. Speaker 1: They will do it. Speaker 1: Okay, other question. Speaker 1: So this one is for instrumentation.
ide my team. Speaker 1: They will do it. Speaker 1: Okay, other question. Speaker 1: So this one is for instrumentation. Speaker 1: Openings, so the two other openings we have on this area is for electrical. Speaker 1: Okay, here we need to segregate one thing. Speaker 1: One, whatever the cables is coming out from VFD, please keep it a separate tray so that we will go into like that. Speaker 1: Now, instrumentation, we are keeping it separate, correct? Speaker 1: No? Speaker 1: Like that you are planning? Speaker 1: Yes, for me it is more electrical and instrumentation have to be separate. Speaker 1: Yes, correct. Speaker 1: That is the way. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: First I will interrupt once. Speaker 1: See, we require two cable trays and two layer of cable trays.
1: Yes. Speaker 1: First I will interrupt once. Speaker 1: See, we require two cable trays and two layer of cable trays. Speaker 1: One will consist of electrical and another will be consist of instrumentation. Speaker 1: We will have more instrumentation cabins which will be running, more cabins. Speaker 1: We need two layers of cabins. Speaker 1: At least, yes, I think for instrumentation we have two or three openings. Speaker 1: For all the buildings we have, we need to have some more. Speaker 1: That's what we have shown you in V79 project. Speaker 1: the number of outgoing will be more from the wall. Speaker 1: Initially also, we said that there will be some openings on the top side of the wall. Speaker 1: On the top side of the room, sorry.
so, we said that there will be some openings on the top side of the wall. Speaker 1: On the top side of the room, sorry. Speaker 1: So basically, the one you have had it near the door on the top Speaker 1: should be there. Speaker 1: And why not below the door, by the way? Speaker 1: Here? Speaker 1: Yeah. Speaker 1: The door is not on the floor elevation. Speaker 1: Below we have some space. Speaker 1: And we have a structure to handle something. Speaker 1: Do you have the picture of this area? Speaker 1: Here, right? Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: OK, OK, OK, one second. Speaker 1: I'm trying to make a mark. Speaker 1: Yeah, maybe save your markup. Speaker 1: Because the idea is on the other side, we have the beam to circulate. Speaker 1: So we will use that.
markup. Speaker 1: Because the idea is on the other side, we have the beam to circulate. Speaker 1: So we will use that. Speaker 1: OK, OK, OK. Speaker 1: Just give me, please. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Now, one second. Speaker 1: Let me... Here you need one cutout. Speaker 1: Correct, no? Speaker 1: Yes, but not only. Speaker 1: We can also make one going to LVSE room. Speaker 1: Just on the same area. Speaker 1: I mean here. Speaker 1: I mean here also. Speaker 1: One more. Speaker 1: No, no. Speaker 1: You come back on the picture you were having. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: You can mark again. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Keep this one and you can mark one below the horizontal beam. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Here also. Speaker 1: Okay, okay. Speaker 1: Yes.
you can mark one below the horizontal beam. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Here also. Speaker 1: Okay, okay. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Because basically you see the structure beam on the right of that. Speaker 1: Where the white structure beam? Speaker 1: This one. Speaker 1: Yes, if you use it to take your cable tray going up, after you have another beam, white, small, going on the direction of the corner of the picture. Speaker 1: So like this it is going? Speaker 1: No, no, go up with your mouth. Speaker 1: Along this beam? Speaker 1: Like that? Speaker 1: Yes, basically. Speaker 1: Continue, continue, continue, continue, continue, continue, stop. Speaker 1: And here you see you have some beam going on the direction of the middle of the building. Speaker 1: This one, yes.
r 1: And here you see you have some beam going on the direction of the middle of the building. Speaker 1: This one, yes. Speaker 1: You will use this one to reach the storage. Speaker 1: Got it, got it. Speaker 1: Like that. Speaker 1: So you can bring everything which is going on top of the storage, top or even floor. Speaker 1: You can use this route and you will reach the storage area. Speaker 1: Mm-hmm. Speaker 1: OK, OK, OK. Speaker 1: With two cable tray, you put one cable tray on one side, the cable tray on the other side to balance the weight of both. Speaker 1: And then we go straight to the storage with electric card and instrumentation. Speaker 1: OK, OK. Speaker 1: So that will be something like that. Speaker 1: It is there. Speaker 1: So we have to put like that.
OK, OK. Speaker 1: So that will be something like that. Speaker 1: It is there. Speaker 1: So we have to put like that. Speaker 1: You need to check. Speaker 1: You need to, yes, exactly. Speaker 1: Right? Speaker 1: So the support, this is the support I'm talking about. Speaker 1: Yeah. Speaker 1: OK. Speaker 1: Got it. Speaker 1: Got it. Speaker 1: Got it. Speaker 1: And after, you need to check if you can fit a bit on the wall between the beam and the door and on this opening. Speaker 1: Or if it's too small, then you have to go on the side of the platform and make it and going up on the different way. Speaker 1: That is, we need to check what is the remaining size
platform and make it and going up on the different way. Speaker 1: That is, we need to check what is the remaining size Speaker 1: you know how to cross the with the platform do we have enough space for the number of cable tray we have or do we need to go on the other side that this is to be checked yeah the distance between the wall and this one we have to check it yes yes yes we have to go this way yeah yeah we need to decide according to the distance we really have we need to adjust maybe something Speaker 1: Yeah, this one, yes, it can be adjusted inside. Speaker 1: They can easily do it. Speaker 1: Yes, you got it. Speaker 1: I got it. Speaker 1: Here we need to check the feasibility or else you have to reroute and you have to get inside. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yeah.
e need to check the feasibility or else you have to reroute and you have to get inside. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yeah. Speaker 1: After just below the other door, I think it's also a convenient place to make another opening on the other side of the instrumentation room. Speaker 1: On the here. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Here, for example, for instrumentation, we can put another opening and it can route below the platform going to all the below tank. Speaker 1: We can easily turn and go there. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Exactly. Speaker 1: Yes, got it, got it. Speaker 1: Yes, this is fine. Speaker 1: But this is actually instrumentation. Speaker 1: But where it is going, how we are planning again, this tray and both are going like that only. Speaker 1: Correct?
er 1: But where it is going, how we are planning again, this tray and both are going like that only. Speaker 1: Correct? Speaker 1: No, one is instrumentation, another one is for this one. Speaker 1: Right. Speaker 1: So which means one is instrumentation, one is directly current. Speaker 1: Got it. Speaker 1: Okay. Speaker 1: So this is one part. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yes, this is fine. Speaker 1: And yeah, got it. Speaker 1: And this is also, I'm saving it. Speaker 1: Accordingly, we will put it. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Got it, that means instrumentation, here we need one cutout, here we need another cutout, one more cutout as we discussed in the cable tray layout. Speaker 1: So, there are three cutouts which we have proposed, three.
e cutout as we discussed in the cable tray layout. Speaker 1: So, there are three cutouts which we have proposed, three. Speaker 1: Similar Vener, for electrical we have proposed already three here, but again we need to check the feasibility accordingly we have to connect it, right. Speaker 1: Yeah, but for me it looks like okay, if there is no obstruction in front, it seems quite good. Speaker 1: Another point on the lower part of this drawing is LVSB room. Speaker 1: If you look here, yes, we have Speaker 1: a bike park outside and we have to reach this bike park away or another. Speaker 1: There will be a structure with stairs here in between. Speaker 1: According to my 3D, I have the space to route between these stairs and the wall.
with stairs here in between. Speaker 1: According to my 3D, I have the space to route between these stairs and the wall. Speaker 1: In reality, we need to check what we will have Speaker 1: we could make an opening from the electrical going to go out of the room, go up and tip the top of the bike rack and bring all our cable going to the ATEX area. Speaker 1: Got it, got it. Speaker 1: I understand. Speaker 1: Just give me, I'll show you the route. Speaker 1: This is what exactly you're trying to explain. Speaker 1: Just give me one second. Speaker 1: This is our initial plan also This is what we have planned Can you see my screen? Speaker 1: Yes Speaker 1: So, this is what you are telling like it will come out from the cable I mean LBSB room.
creen? Speaker 1: Yes Speaker 1: So, this is what you are telling like it will come out from the cable I mean LBSB room. Speaker 1: Then it will rise after the staircase then along the I mean on the B16 building outside there is a pipe rack that the top it is there I remember still we can run that cable tray throughout and it will come basically this is how we can reach it. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: And from there also, we probably need to bring some electricity to the HVAC system. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: See, we will enter here itself, Gregory, for the MCC room is here somewhere. Speaker 1: Yes, yes, exactly. Speaker 1: Here, we will enter on top of the room. Speaker 1: I mean, higher than the room, from the backpack, we will enter into the building.
l enter on top of the room. Speaker 1: I mean, higher than the room, from the backpack, we will enter into the building. Speaker 1: How you have given, Gregory, for MCC, bottom entry or top entry? Speaker 1: I mean, in a panel. Speaker 1: Bottom on 3. Speaker 1: That means you are entering inside the HVAC, I mean MCC room on the top, then you have to go down, then Paul's floor you have to go. Speaker 1: Okay, okay. Speaker 1: Got it. Speaker 1: The main idea for now is to enter the route on top of all the rooms and reach the wall where there is a little stair. Speaker 1: This stair will not be existing and then we can go down and enter in the room where it's required. Speaker 1: At the elevation we need. Speaker 1: Yes, yes. Speaker 1: This is easily we can do it.
m where it's required. Speaker 1: At the elevation we need. Speaker 1: Yes, yes. Speaker 1: This is easily we can do it. Speaker 1: I mean, trigger it. Speaker 1: But only thing the elevation will be challenging for me may be based on the site condition you have to fix that actually, but routing point of view it will be very simple, but exact elevations we need to match may be the drawings and etcetera it will be helpful because this drawing is Speaker 1: just a plot line that height we need to adjust with the pipe rack details and etcetera below above the pipe rack only we are supposed to go cable to a right. Speaker 1: So, that elevation and all we may need as a input from your side. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yes, yes, yes. Speaker 1: So, maybe here it will come. Speaker 1: Yes.
input from your side. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yes, yes, yes. Speaker 1: So, maybe here it will come. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Got it, that we understood. Speaker 1: So, Manisha, you remember our initial plan also, we have made a drawing, right, in the maybe couple of revisions back. Speaker 1: So, that still holds good because from there, ideally what we have discussed now, we are retaining it. Speaker 1: The other two three cutouts know that from three cutouts the cables will go to the all the motors located inside the I mean these reactors. Speaker 1: But there is one more cable it will go from the in I mean from the LBSP to here there will be a Atex panel Atex MCC room so it will come here. Speaker 1: and HVAC panel also will be there. Speaker 1: So, for that it is required monism.
room so it will come here. Speaker 1: and HVAC panel also will be there. Speaker 1: So, for that it is required monism. Speaker 1: So, we need to propose one tray for from here and we also have the cut out from here. Speaker 1: Crigiri here we are rising it from here. Speaker 1: somewhere here inside LVSP room and that day Mangapathi also told the same similar fashion and on the top of the LVSP just below the slab we are coming out then we are again rising back again right. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: I mean somewhere here. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Okay. Speaker 1: Got it. Speaker 1: Got it. Speaker 1: Okay, fine. Speaker 1: This is well understood. Speaker 1: That was expected only. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Any other points? Speaker 1: points Gregory?
l understood. Speaker 1: That was expected only. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: Any other points? Speaker 1: points Gregory? Speaker 1: For now no concerning that part I think that's already quite a lot let's see coming all those points there is some major update about the location of the LSB and all the check that need to be drawn to be done and to be drawn and done yeah let's see let's see coming that first yeah okay Speaker 1: If we ask you more after, there will be some forgotten. Speaker 1: It's better not to. Speaker 1: Yes, Mangapati. Speaker 1: I'll just add a few points. Speaker 1: We'll repeat once again. Speaker 1: Please take the GA drawing, which we have submitted for B16 for all the panel. Speaker 1: Take the partition part, which is already there in the GA drawing.
have submitted for B16 for all the panel. Speaker 1: Take the partition part, which is already there in the GA drawing. Speaker 1: Bring it into this panel area. Speaker 1: So you will understand where the bracket is coming. Speaker 1: Because, Jaykumar, you are explaining to somebody else, yes? Speaker 1: You are somebody else to understand that where the bracket is, where the MCCB is there. Speaker 1: We are telling you the same thing. Speaker 1: The reason is where the column is going to come, where the cutout has been alerted. Speaker 1: In that particular area, if the bracket came as an income, Speaker 1: So it will be very difficult. Speaker 1: You need to recheck knob itself. Speaker 1: Later, checking of that particular point will not be really useful.
eaker 1: You need to recheck knob itself. Speaker 1: Later, checking of that particular point will not be really useful. Speaker 1: So you take the GA drawing of the BCC panel, keep the GA drawing into this, because you are showing the front of the panel is, and back of the front of the panel, where the brackets are going to come, is towards the south side. Speaker 1: So you need to see where the column and the cutout was there. Speaker 1: and we already mentioned in our previous mails also telling that the column was projected 200 mm inside for B16 and B14 400 mm. Speaker 1: So those areas if you look based on keeping the GA drawing plan view in the plan view what you are showing it will be really helpful.
s if you look based on keeping the GA drawing plan view in the plan view what you are showing it will be really helpful. Speaker 1: okay okay so for b14 it is 400 yeah i have written the same thing in mail and same thing i have written for b16 also b16 is 200 b14 is 400 okay fine i will just come with a lot of points Speaker 1: Quickly? Speaker 1: Yes, yes. Speaker 1: Can you zoom between LVSB and the DG set? Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: There is an opening there. Speaker 1: Go look higher a little bit. Speaker 1: Up. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: There is a cut view. Speaker 1: No, no, go higher. Speaker 1: In fact, it is not here. Speaker 1: You see the T5. Speaker 1: Can you zoom on the T5? Speaker 1: Stop. Speaker 1: Don't move here.
is not here. Speaker 1: You see the T5. Speaker 1: Can you zoom on the T5? Speaker 1: Stop. Speaker 1: Don't move here. Speaker 1: Do you see the cable tree cut out between up and down? Speaker 1: Do you see the door to go outside? Speaker 1: Yes, yes, yes, yes, Krigri. Speaker 1: Krigri, I, this is actually, this will be a, we need to close this cutout. Speaker 1: We have to move it. Speaker 1: We have to make a slab opening where required. Speaker 1: Accordingly, you have to raise it. Speaker 1: We need to check what we can do, but any cutout can be useful. Speaker 1: Between the cutout and the door, we have some distance. Speaker 1: This is more what we will do vertically, which will be useful. Speaker 1: But for me, if it has been moved a little bit before, done.
what we will do vertically, which will be useful. Speaker 1: But for me, if it has been moved a little bit before, done. Speaker 1: But the cutout is done now, is it? Speaker 1: But this one, why we need actually if the cable is going to only UPS room or any other places you guys are taking it that if I know that maybe we can reduce the cable size and whether we can see that it is... Yeah, but clearly it is for the UPS and yes, we may not need all those cable tray and those cable tray can turn between the door and between the cutouts. Speaker 1: So we just need to be clear and to be careful with this one. Speaker 1: Got it. Speaker 1: Got it. Speaker 1: So this is mainly, you guys made it for this UPS only. Speaker 1: Correct, no? Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: OK.
Speaker 1: So this is mainly, you guys made it for this UPS only. Speaker 1: Correct, no? Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: OK. Speaker 1: Then, Gregory, we don't need this much big tray. Speaker 1: OK. Speaker 1: So maybe we'll ensure that we'll keep it this one. Speaker 1: The balance one, we'll close it. Speaker 1: Hopefully, we'll see that it should not clash with this door. Speaker 1: Yes, but between the cutout and the door, we have the time to turn, I guess. Speaker 1: We can put a 45 degree elbow and a route next to the door and not in front of the door. Speaker 1: Yes, yes, yes, yes. Speaker 1: But it needs to be drawn and checked. Speaker 1: Okay, that feasibility will check it, Krigri. Speaker 1: Got it, got it. Speaker 1: Yeah, yes. Speaker 1: Completed or started?
hat feasibility will check it, Krigri. Speaker 1: Got it, got it. Speaker 1: Yeah, yes. Speaker 1: Completed or started? Speaker 1: Krigri, this portion also we will align it, but with your permission, we have shown to Speaker 1: and maybe one tray may be sufficient accordingly we will reduce this, is that ok to you or it is not required in that case. Speaker 1: You get my point, only one maybe one UPS right. Speaker 1: For me, for the UPS, yes, only one is enough, should be enough. Speaker 1: That means even 100 mm tray is more than sufficient. Speaker 1: Possibly, but we better keep a large cable tray if we have a large opening. Speaker 1: We better make the table 3 turning and keep it as large as the opening. Speaker 1: Okay, okay, fine.
opening. Speaker 1: We better make the table 3 turning and keep it as large as the opening. Speaker 1: Okay, okay, fine. Speaker 1: So that means whatever is made is made but we will utilize this and with this portion we will ensure that it is not clashing with the door. Speaker 1: We had thrown the reservations a bit like that, blind, without seeing how we were going to put our panels, etc. Speaker 1: But on the other hand, we knew we would have our UPS. Speaker 1: So that's why we had ... because if he threw it, we, our drawings, we were still fighting with them. Speaker 1: It's not zero, is it? Speaker 1: Yes, it's not zero. Speaker 1: Okay, do we have any other points or any other drawing to check?
zero, is it? Speaker 1: Yes, it's not zero. Speaker 1: Okay, do we have any other points or any other drawing to check? Speaker 1: Yeah, that's the one that we have prepared it and maybe the lighting portion like we have done it if you want we can have a look and that day we discussed right we have made like that but can we open the lighting? Speaker 1: Maybe the way how we have placed it, maybe you just also imagine it so that maybe if that is OK, we can discuss that. Speaker 1: We can open quickly. Speaker 1: Yes, yes, yes, yes. Speaker 1: It won't take much time. Speaker 1: We are running out of time, but we can take five minutes for this one. Speaker 1: Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. Speaker 1: That's all. Speaker 1: Yeah.
, but we can take five minutes for this one. Speaker 1: Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. Speaker 1: That's all. Speaker 1: Yeah. Speaker 1: What I feel no, but maybe I when I when I came to site right. Speaker 1: So, see we have placed lights here. Speaker 1: But the point is there are a lot of reactors coming. Speaker 1: I like I remember that that other process building also on the day we went lot of it is very congested area in this area if I am right. Speaker 1: Yeah that's correct. Speaker 1: Yes that the point is these lights know maybe once reactors are erected then based on the gap we may have to add a few more lights in this area. Speaker 1: I am just highlighting it now itself because we don't have the complete
o add a few more lights in this area. Speaker 1: I am just highlighting it now itself because we don't have the complete Speaker 1: idea about this area because it is very when we have a 3d view we can realize and put it but right now this is what we have put it you understand right maybe few lights we need to add can you work with navies work or not Speaker 1: Yeah, if you guys have any 3D view or something with the Navy's work, we can open it or something. Speaker 1: It would be great so that I can see and put it. Speaker 1: Yes, there are a few things that are obviously not according to what we want. Speaker 1: For example, where you decided to put the cutouts, it will be like you decided, not like it's drawn on this 3D, but we have something we can share.
ded to put the cutouts, it will be like you decided, not like it's drawn on this 3D, but we have something we can share. Speaker 1: What I cannot guarantee is the exactitude of this drawing. Speaker 1: of this 3D because sometimes the 3D is done to get an idea if we can fit and then after they calculate the beam, they calculate the size of the reactor and things like that and some additional modifications are done later but not updated on the 3D. Speaker 1: So it is highly possible that there are some differences, but you will clearly be able to see a congestion and get an idea about how many lights and where to place the lights. Speaker 1: Yes, yes. Speaker 1: Yes, because that is really difficult. Speaker 1: See, I can visualize, but my team, they need some 3D view.
Speaker 1: Yes, because that is really difficult. Speaker 1: See, I can visualize, but my team, they need some 3D view. Speaker 1: You got my point. Speaker 1: I have shown them. Speaker 1: Yes. Speaker 1: No, for me, that was more we were scared to share that to you because there is some wrong information, but not too much in terms of congestion. Speaker 1: and anyway some congestion or some modification will be also to be adjusted at the last minute. Speaker 1: For the lighting we need to estimate the good number of lights and Speaker 1: When we have that, it will be anyway some site adjustment during installation. Speaker 1: It will be there. Speaker 1: That is why I am highlighting you now itself. Speaker 1: And for our text area, we have done our best based on the beam layout.
why I am highlighting you now itself. Speaker 1: And for our text area, we have done our best based on the beam layout. Speaker 1: OK. Speaker 1: But most probably this should be OK. Speaker 1: But we have done our best. Speaker 1: There are so many platforms are there. Speaker 1: Accordingly, based on the level we have tried and we have Speaker 1: our understanding we have put it. Speaker 1: Maybe if you share some 3D views so that I can check these areas whether it is okay or not and likewise we have made it Gregory. Speaker 1: But that other area we have no idea. Speaker 1: That is why we are stuck. Speaker 1: But still I feel that a lot of lights are required because based on my understanding we need more light. Speaker 1: But here we have added... After, it has to be quick as well.
se based on my understanding we need more light. Speaker 1: But here we have added... After, it has to be quick as well. Speaker 1: For the light, we need to give an idea about where we will put. Speaker 1: We will try to put install and light up. Speaker 1: And if we see it's not enough, we add one or two, just like that, without any drawing. Speaker 1: It will be... Anyway, at the end, it will be tuned like that. Speaker 1: The good things, I think we already have a good idea about the number. Speaker 1: Sharing a 3D, I think we can. Speaker 1: There is no, I will check. Speaker 1: But based on that, we will add it. Speaker 1: But one small request, if you have some structural drawing, in that we will identify that by looking at the 3D drawing.
But one small request, if you have some structural drawing, in that we will identify that by looking at the 3D drawing. Speaker 1: We will identify that structural area and we will put the lights. Speaker 1: You got my point now. Speaker 1: Okay, I see your point. Speaker 1: But after, don't make it too much calculated science. Speaker 1: It's just lighting. Speaker 1: It has to be quick. Speaker 1: We want to have a VOQ, we order that with some spare and then we proceed to installation with a guide drawing and not something too much calculated. Speaker 1: When we light up, if we see there is too much shadow at some point, we add some light and finish. Speaker 1: Okay, noted. Speaker 1: OK, do we have any other point to discuss? Speaker 1: Yeah, that's all from our side, Krigri.
1: Okay, noted. Speaker 1: OK, do we have any other point to discuss? Speaker 1: Yeah, that's all from our side, Krigri. Speaker 1: That's all from our side. Speaker 1: Mangalpati, it's OK for you? Speaker 1: Yeah, it's OK that I just ask them to update the lines, D14 and D16 of the animation, so they will try to do that. Speaker 1: OK. Speaker 1: Then thank you for this meeting. Speaker 1: Thank you. Speaker 1: Thank you. Speaker 1: Thank you. Speaker 1: Thank you. Speaker 1: Thank you.
